




University of Southern California
 USC Student Health
Part of Keck Medicine of USC




Menu
Skip to content
Skip to secondary content





search
 
For New Students

Health Requirements for New Students: Entering for Spring 2022
Orientation Videos
MySHR Portal: Quickstart
Undergraduate and Graduate Students (U.S. based)
International Students
Health Professions Program Students
For Parents


Services

Medical Care

Patient Education


Counseling & Mental Health

Workshops and Programs
Group Counseling
BIPOC Mental Health
Community-Centered Services: Embedded Counselors and Liaisons


Sexual Assault Survivor Support
Transgender Care
Athletic Medicine
The Health Fee and Student Insurance

Bringing an Existing Insurance Plan to Campus
Insurance Waiver
Glossary of Terms
Dental Plan Option
Insurance for Student Travel Abroad

For Students/Parents
For Program Coordinators


Student Health Insurance Office Contact


Request a Presentation/Facilitation


MySHR Login
Emergencies
Patient Feedback
COVID-19 Health Services

COVID-19 Vaccines at USC
Vaccine Clinic Schedule
List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters
CA Digital COVID-19 Vaccine Record
FAQs on University Vaccine Policy
Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations
COVID-19 TESTING: PCR and Antigen
Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide
Post COVID-19 Diagnosis and Recovery
Instructions: Positive Test Results
Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test
Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual
Instructions: Spring Recess Testing (Using Antigen Kits)


Insurance Waiver
 Return to Content


 



Breadcrumb Navigation
HomeGetting StartedIntroductory Videos for New Students 






Introductory Videos for New Students


Welcome to USC!
The series of videos below will provide you with important information about getting started with USC Student Health (medical, counseling and mental health, advocate services for sexual assault survivors, immunizations, insurance).
Student Health Services and the MySHR Patient Portal

The Health Fee and Health Insurance: Keeping You Covered

For New International Students: Counseling and Mental Health —8 minutes
Meet Alice Phang PhD and Jennifer Hsia PhD, licensed professional clinicians in Counseling and Mental Health Services and faculty of the Dept. of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences in the Keck School of Medicine of USC. Learn about special support resources for international students who are navigating a new country in addition to starting a new academic journey. 
Eric Cohen Student Health Center: Care for HSC Students —10 minutes
Meet the team from the Eric Cohen Student Health Center, the HSC location of USC Student Health. Summer Zapata PsyD from Counseling and Mental Health Services (also faculty of the Dept. of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences of the Keck School of Medicine of USC), Kimberly Tilley MD, co-medical director, and Bobby Cong, Program Administrator, explain services, onboarding, immunizations, and more. For students in the health professions degree programs on the USC Health Sciences Campus. 
Navigating the First Year As a College Student: Decisions, Support, and Norms —5 minutes
Learn about the landscape of the first year in college, from social settings and experiences, encounters with alcohol and other drugs, and resources to help new students successfully navigate their way into campus life. With Oliver Tacto, DSW, from the Health Promotion Strategy team, and Dani Gonzales PsyD of Counseling and Mental Health Services (also faculty of the Dept. of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences of the Keck School of Medicine of USC).
Welcome to LGBT New Students —5 minutes
Featuring the liaison to the LGBT Center, Mary Weber LMFT, (from Counseling and Mental Health Services, and faculty of the Dept. of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences of Keck School of Medicine of USC) and Patty Pinanong MD (physician, USC Student Health, and faculty in the Keck School of Medicine of USC), students are encouraged to get to know the counseling and medical support services available to students in the LGBT community. Welcome to USC Student Health!
The First Year of College: Parents as Support Partners —30 minutes
For parents of new USC undergraduates. Meet experts who can guide parents in having important conversations about risks, consent, healthy relationships, emotional and mental health challenges, and resiliency—especially in the critical first 6 weeks of the undergraduate experience. Featuring Brenda Ingram EdD LCSW, the Director of Relationship and Sexual Violence Prevention and Services; and Kelly Greco PsyD, Assistant Director for Outreach, Counseling and Mental Health Services. Both experts are faculty in the Dept. of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences in the Keck School of Medicine of USC.
A Culture that C.A.R.E.S. —14 minutes
At USC Student Health, the patient-centered approach from the team involves the principles of the C.A.R.E.S. model—connect, ask, repeat, and exit strong. This informational session provides answers to common questions from families about access hours, TeleHealth, urgent medical and mental health and after hours care, connecting on patient quality of care matters, working with the providers with respect to patient privacy, and other questions. With the Executive Director of Clinical Operations, Thu Nguyen-Knowles MSN, RN, and Assistant Director of Outreach for Counseling and Mental Health Services Kelly Greco, PsyD, also of the Dept. of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences of the Keck School of Medicine of USC.
Health and Well-being Advice from USC Senior Year Students —8 minutes
Wondering what the next four years might be like? How can Student Health programs help support you during your undergraduate years? Two USC seniors, Camron and Thu, share advice on majors, finding help from Student Health, best places to relax on campus, and more.
Graduate Students: Challenges and Support —14 minutes
Graduate students pursuing their next level of professional development may face pressures and situations that are unique in the university environment. Hear from Summer Zapata, PsyD, assistant director of graduate student services in Counseling and Mental Health Services, and Brenda Ingram, EdD LCSW, director of Relationship and Sexual Violence Prevention and Services as they discuss mental health, group therapy support for graduate students, resources to help navigate sexual assault, sexual harassment, intimate partner violence, and other obstacles to success in graduate school. Both speakers are faculty in the Dept. of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences in the Keck School of Medicine of USC.





Getting Started Health Requirements for New Students: Entering for Spring 2022
Orientation Videos
MySHR Portal: Quickstart
Undergraduate and Graduate Students (U.S. based)
International Students
Health Professions Program Students
For Parents
University Mental Health Services: Student GuideFor BIPOC StudentsTrauma Informed Care
https://youtu.be/ksWApT5GRxwWelcome to USC Student Healthhttps://youtu.be/DTHcxs4IMvI









 

(213) 740-WELL (9355)
studenthealth@usc.edu



About UsLeadership
Meet the Providers
Mission, Values, and Vision
Media Room
News for Students
Policies/InformationPatient Privacy and Confidentiality
Patient Rights and Responsibilities
Patient Education Materials
Medical Policies and Forms
Fees and Deadlines List
Hours of Operation
For Online Degree Program Students
Counseling and Mental Health Training Programs (graduate practica)
Annual Report 2018-2019
COVID-19 Notifications To view this information, you must be logged out of a personal Gmail account, and logged in to your USC account, in order to access this site. Use your primary USC NetID; school/unit-based subdomain accounts (“med,” “law,” “marshall,” etc.,) will cause you to see a 404 error.
* For instructions on how to log in to USC Google G-Suite apps using your USC NetID, visit the ITS instruction page.


Toolkit for USC Campus PartnersWell-being Collective | Data for Partners
Student Health Advisory Committee
Meet the Health Promotion Strategy Team
USC Campus Climate Survey
USC Healthy Minds Study
AlcoholEdu® for College
Emergency Response Guide (for Faculty)
Guide: Talking about Suicide
Guide: Grief and Loss
Guide: Resilience Through Challenges
Patient FeedbackTell Us What You Think
Social MediaRumi the Wellness Dog
Twitter
Facebook
HEI 2022 Leader 






Feedback

			Site by USC ITS Web Services		

		Content managed by USC Student Health 

Privacy Notice


Notice of Non-Discrimination




















