




University of Southern California
 USC Student Health
Part of Keck Medicine of USC




Menu
Skip to content





search
 
For New Students

Health Requirements for New Students: Entering for Spring 2022
Orientation Videos
MySHR Portal: Quickstart
Undergraduate and Graduate Students (U.S. based)
International Students
Health Professions Program Students
For Parents


Services

Medical Care

Patient Education


Counseling & Mental Health

Workshops and Programs
Group Counseling
BIPOC Mental Health
Community-Centered Services: Embedded Counselors and Liaisons


Sexual Assault Survivor Support
Transgender Care
Athletic Medicine
The Health Fee and Student Insurance

Bringing an Existing Insurance Plan to Campus
Insurance Waiver
Glossary of Terms
Dental Plan Option
Insurance for Student Travel Abroad

For Students/Parents
For Program Coordinators


Student Health Insurance Office Contact


Request a Presentation/Facilitation


MySHR Login
Emergencies
Patient Feedback
COVID-19 Health Services

COVID-19 Vaccines at USC
Vaccine Clinic Schedule
List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters
CA Digital COVID-19 Vaccine Record
FAQs on University Vaccine Policy
Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations
COVID-19 TESTING: PCR and Antigen
Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide
Post COVID-19 Diagnosis and Recovery
Instructions: Positive Test Results
Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test
Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual
Instructions: Spring Recess Testing (Using Antigen Kits)


Insurance Waiver
 Return to Content


 

   

Mental Well-being for StudentsLearn about the programs that are available to support you.
Learn more.
My Student Health Record (MySHR)
My Student Health Record (MySHR) makes it easy to manage your health, find great care, and see everything in one place.

Schedule Health Center appointments online
Register for text message appointment reminders
Correspond with your provider using secure messages
View your immunization history and compliance
Complete necessary forms prior to your appointment
Edit your local address and phone number (Health Center records only)

MyShr Login




We're here to answer your questions


213-740-9355 (WELL)




Emergency
In the Event of a Life-threatening Emergency


More emergency resources


Services

Medical Care
Sexual Assault Survivor Support
Counseling and Mental Health
Student Insurance Plan


Patient Feedback
Please send in your comments, compliments and concerns using our online form.
Give feedback
LocationsEngemann Student Health CenterUniversity Park Campus
1031 West 34th St.
Los Angeles, CA
90089
DirectionsEric Cohen Student Health CenterHealth Sciences Campus
1510 San Pablo St. Suite 104
Los Angeles, CA
90033
Directions
Announcements

USC Student Health, part of Keck Medicine of USC, Earns Top Score in Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s 2022 Healthcare Equality IndexUSC Student Health is unique as one of a select group of college health providers to earn the coveted “LGBTQ+ Healthcare Equality Leader” designation. The new designation for USC’s college health provider—USC Student Health—further underscores the university’s commitment to serving the LGBTQ+ community. “Through our ongoing work to provide the best services and patient experience to USC students, we are proud to implement policies, training, education, and community outreach to ensure that all patients and clients feel safe, supported, and respected as they seek care,” says Dr. Sarah Van Orman, chief health officer for USC Student Health. “The lived experiences of LGBTQ+ community members may create hesitation or avoidance of medical care and mental health support, and as providers, we will continue to work to ensure that all our patients and clients feel empowered to seek the care they need and deserve.”Spring Break Antigen Kits for StudentsAll USC students are encouraged to pick up a free COVID-19 antigen testing kit for use after spring break travel. You will receive an email from the USC Bookstores with a unique QR code for pickup, and when you return to campus from travel, use this kit within the first 24 hours of arriving back to your residence. If you test NEGATIVE, you may proceed to classes and activities. No uploads are necessary. Schedule a PCR test through Pop Testing between days 3-5 after your return from travel to confirm your results. Learn more about safety over spring break and kit pickup locations.COVID-19 Update for Campuses (2/18/22)As announced on February 16, Los Angeles County removed restrictions for outdoor masking, based on improved metrics for hospitalizations and case fatalities. Outdoor masking is now also lifted for university-sponsored events. Masking is required indoors, on transportation, and at health care facilities (including testing sites). We are anticipating that metrics will continue to improve even more in one more week, so are planning for a lifting of some campus measures slated for March 1.

As of March 1, the university is modifying the requirements for surveillance testing of students, as the first of a phased approach to lifting COVID-19 restrictions. Progression of lifting restrictions at USC will occur simultaneously as revised LADPH Health Officer Orders are released, as required by law.LA County Lifts Outdoor Masking RequirementIn alignment with the revised Public Health Officer order, masking is no longer required at outdoor events. University-sponsored outdoor events of all sizes no longer require masking for attendees. Masking continues to be required indoors in special environments including on USC transportation, and in all USC health care facilities including testing sites.Spring (Newsletter) is here!Check out tips on healthy relationships, self-care, current programs, and taking care of your sexual health and well-being.

And don't forget, the Student Well-being index survey is coming to your inboxes. Tell us about your experience so we can improve the campus environment in ways to best support our students.

Happy spring semester, Trojans!Relief in sight as COVID-19 winter surge tapers at USC and in L.A. CountyThe COVID-19 omicron variant — which went from newly detected to widespread transmission seemingly overnight — is showing a decline, both in Los Angeles County and at USC. “We are relieved to have passed the peak of this winter surge,” said Sarah Van Orman, chief medical officer for USC Student Health. As the campus emptied for the Thanksgiving weekend, the pandemic took an unexpected turn on Nov. 26 when news of the fast-moving omicron variant broke across the globe. Over the next 11 days, the variant was confirmed in the U.S. with a first case discovered in California, then in Los Angeles County, and then confirmed at USC. “Adjusting to the unexpected is how we have to move forward,” Van Orman added. “At the beginning of this surge, the data modeling helped us understand the trajectory of cases, and plan for a reasonable response in terms of remote start, planning for isolation space, and other measures. As the virus evolves, our responses have to continue to be adaptive as well.”

All news












 

(213) 740-WELL (9355)
studenthealth@usc.edu



About UsLeadership
Meet the Providers
Mission, Values, and Vision
Media Room
News for Students
Policies/InformationPatient Privacy and Confidentiality
Patient Rights and Responsibilities
Patient Education Materials
Medical Policies and Forms
Fees and Deadlines List
Hours of Operation
For Online Degree Program Students
Counseling and Mental Health Training Programs (graduate practica)
Annual Report 2018-2019
COVID-19 Notifications To view this information, you must be logged out of a personal Gmail account, and logged in to your USC account, in order to access this site. Use your primary USC NetID; school/unit-based subdomain accounts (“med,” “law,” “marshall,” etc.,) will cause you to see a 404 error.
* For instructions on how to log in to USC Google G-Suite apps using your USC NetID, visit the ITS instruction page.


Toolkit for USC Campus PartnersWell-being Collective | Data for Partners
Student Health Advisory Committee
Meet the Health Promotion Strategy Team
USC Campus Climate Survey
USC Healthy Minds Study
AlcoholEdu® for College
Emergency Response Guide (for Faculty)
Guide: Talking about Suicide
Guide: Grief and Loss
Guide: Resilience Through Challenges
Patient FeedbackTell Us What You Think
Social MediaRumi the Wellness Dog
Twitter
Facebook
HEI 2022 Leader 






Feedback

			Site by USC ITS Web Services		

		Content managed by USC Student Health 

Privacy Notice


Notice of Non-Discrimination
















