




University of Southern California
 USC Student Health
Part of Keck Medicine of USC




Menu
Skip to content
Skip to secondary content





search
 
For New Students

Health Requirements for New Students: Entering for Spring 2022
Orientation Videos
MySHR Portal: Quickstart
Undergraduate and Graduate Students (U.S. based)
International Students
Health Professions Program Students
For Parents


Services

Medical Care

Patient Education


Counseling & Mental Health

Workshops and Programs
Group Counseling
BIPOC Mental Health
Community-Centered Services: Embedded Counselors and Liaisons


Sexual Assault Survivor Support
Transgender Care
Athletic Medicine
The Health Fee and Student Insurance

Bringing an Existing Insurance Plan to Campus
Insurance Waiver
Glossary of Terms
Dental Plan Option
Insurance for Student Travel Abroad

For Students/Parents
For Program Coordinators


Student Health Insurance Office Contact


Request a Presentation/Facilitation


MySHR Login
Emergencies
Patient Feedback
COVID-19 Health Services

COVID-19 Vaccines at USC
Vaccine Clinic Schedule
List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters
CA Digital COVID-19 Vaccine Record
FAQs on University Vaccine Policy
Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations
COVID-19 TESTING: PCR and Antigen
Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide
Post COVID-19 Diagnosis and Recovery
Instructions: Positive Test Results
Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test
Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual
Instructions: Spring Recess Testing (Using Antigen Kits)


Insurance Waiver
 Return to Content


 



Breadcrumb Navigation
HomeInsurance for Student Travel AbroadFor Program Coordinators 






For Program Coordinators


Overseas Programs Student Insurance Registration Process
1. A faculty member or staff member of the department must send an overseas student roster of students participating in the program to studyabroad@usc.edu. The roster is required no less than 6 weeks prior to departure.

Action required: download the roster form, complete and return to studyabroad@usc.edu.

2. Overseas Insurance Coordinator (OIC) verifies insurance coverage:

If a student is not on the Student Health Insurance Plan (SHIP), the student is charged on their bursar account for the duration of the program (minimum of a two week rate).
If the student is on SHIP, student is charged per semester at the on-camp U.S. rate.
The student health fee (SHF) is waived if the USC-sponsored overseas lasts a full semester.

3. OIC prepares student packets containing the following:

Letter of certification (from insurance carrier Chubb)
Summary of benefits
Flyer describing the ISOS app and instructions on how to download
An ISOS information card
A “reminder” letter highlighting medical services are only covered for non-routine care

4. OIC will contact the department representative when packets are ready, at which point the department may:

Pick up packets for distribution; OR
Arrange an in-person orientation with a USC Student Health representative to provide information, answer questions, and distribute the packets.

5. The department’s final program roster is then added to the USC Student Health master roster of insurance coverage for students in university-sponsored study abroad programs.
Questions?
Overseas Insurance Coordinator (OIC)
Valerie Hill
vhill@usc.edu
(213) 821-1550
Emergency Program Contacts
Primary: Nytosha Coleman
njcolema@usc.edu
(213) 821-4393
Additional contact: Monique Menke
mmenke@usc.edu
(213) 740-7726





Insurance for Student Travel Abroad Medical Care

Patient Education


Counseling & Mental Health

Workshops and Programs
Group Counseling
BIPOC Mental Health
Community-Centered Services: Embedded Counselors and Liaisons


Sexual Assault Survivor Support
Transgender Care
Athletic Medicine
The Health Fee and Student Insurance

Bringing an Existing Insurance Plan to Campus
Insurance Waiver
Glossary of Terms
Dental Plan Option
Insurance for Student Travel Abroad

For Students/Parents
For Program Coordinators


Student Health Insurance Office Contact


Request a Presentation/Facilitation
Welcome to USC Student Health
https://youtu.be/DTHcxs4IMvI









 

(213) 740-WELL (9355)
studenthealth@usc.edu



About UsLeadership
Meet the Providers
Mission, Values, and Vision
Media Room
News for Students
Policies/InformationPatient Privacy and Confidentiality
Patient Rights and Responsibilities
Patient Education Materials
Medical Policies and Forms
Fees and Deadlines List
Hours of Operation
For Online Degree Program Students
Counseling and Mental Health Training Programs (graduate practica)
Annual Report 2018-2019
COVID-19 Notifications To view this information, you must be logged out of a personal Gmail account, and logged in to your USC account, in order to access this site. Use your primary USC NetID; school/unit-based subdomain accounts (“med,” “law,” “marshall,” etc.,) will cause you to see a 404 error.
* For instructions on how to log in to USC Google G-Suite apps using your USC NetID, visit the ITS instruction page.


Toolkit for USC Campus PartnersWell-being Collective | Data for Partners
Student Health Advisory Committee
Meet the Health Promotion Strategy Team
USC Campus Climate Survey
USC Healthy Minds Study
AlcoholEdu® for College
Emergency Response Guide (for Faculty)
Guide: Talking about Suicide
Guide: Grief and Loss
Guide: Resilience Through Challenges
Patient FeedbackTell Us What You Think
Social MediaRumi the Wellness Dog
Twitter
Facebook
HEI 2022 Leader 






Feedback

			Site by USC ITS Web Services		

		Content managed by USC Student Health 

Privacy Notice


Notice of Non-Discrimination




















