




University of Southern California
 USC Student Health
Part of Keck Medicine of USC




Menu
Skip to content
Skip to secondary content





search
 
For New Students

Health Requirements for New Students: Entering for Spring 2022
Orientation Videos
MySHR Portal: Quickstart
Undergraduate and Graduate Students (U.S. based)
International Students
Health Professions Program Students
For Parents


Services

Medical Care

Patient Education


Counseling & Mental Health

Workshops and Programs
Group Counseling
BIPOC Mental Health
Community-Centered Services: Embedded Counselors and Liaisons


Sexual Assault Survivor Support
Transgender Care
Athletic Medicine
The Health Fee and Student Insurance

Bringing an Existing Insurance Plan to Campus
Insurance Waiver
Glossary of Terms
Dental Plan Option
Insurance for Student Travel Abroad

For Students/Parents
For Program Coordinators


Student Health Insurance Office Contact


Request a Presentation/Facilitation


MySHR Login
Emergencies
Patient Feedback
COVID-19 Health Services

COVID-19 Vaccines at USC
Vaccine Clinic Schedule
List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters
CA Digital COVID-19 Vaccine Record
FAQs on University Vaccine Policy
Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations
COVID-19 TESTING: PCR and Antigen
Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide
Post COVID-19 Diagnosis and Recovery
Instructions: Positive Test Results
Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test
Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual
Instructions: Spring Recess Testing (Using Antigen Kits)


Insurance Waiver
 Return to Content


 



Breadcrumb Navigation
HomeEmergencies 






Emergencies


If you have an immediate medical, mental health, or sexual assault matter
Please call the 24/7 USC Student Health line, (213) 740-9355 (WELL), to connect to an advice nurse, counselor, or advocate.
The advocates program can arrange transportation and accompaniment to a SARC location (sexual assault response center) 24/7. Advocates can also help survivors navigate through follow up care, accommodations support, and reporting options.
If you are experiencing a life-threatening emergency, please do not wait for a response and seek treatment immediately.

911 is the general emergency phone number in the United States.
The nearest 24/7 urgent care is Optum Urgent Care, 1120 West Washington Blvd., 213-623-2225.
The Department of Public Safety is available 24/7 on both USC campuses, 213-740-4321 (UPC) and 323-442-1000 (HSC)

When you are on campus, call DPS for the fastest emergency vehicle response. When outside of the USC campus vicinities, call 9-1-1 for emergency assistance.
Needlestick Hotline
For USC students in health profession degree programs who are exposed to potential bloodborne pathogens.

During Business Hours
213-740-9355 (WELL)
After-Hours Needlestick Hotline
(323) 442-7900 (Leave a message and a provider will get back to you within 30 minutes)
Follow these detailed instructions and protocol for bloodborne pathogen exposure.

Naloxone
Naloxone (commercially known as the nasal spray Narcan) can reverse the effects of an accidental overdose from opioids. Any physician in California can prescribe it to someone at risk of overdose. Naloxone is also available by pharmacist consultation and can be filled at USC Pharmacies on campus. Narcan is a covered benefit in the USC Student Health Insurance Plan administered through Aetna. Treatment is available and effective, talk to your medical or mental health provider at USC Student Health to discuss a treatment plan. Learn more at safety.usc.edu/drugs.
COVID-19
The most recent infomation regarding the university’s response to COVID-19 may be found at coronavirus.usc.edu. General questions may be directed to covid19@usc.edu. Students and on-campus faculty and staff seeking care and testing should call Student Health at 213-740-9355 for scheduling.





Welcome to USC Student Health
https://youtu.be/DTHcxs4IMvI









 

(213) 740-WELL (9355)
studenthealth@usc.edu



About UsLeadership
Meet the Providers
Mission, Values, and Vision
Media Room
News for Students
Policies/InformationPatient Privacy and Confidentiality
Patient Rights and Responsibilities
Patient Education Materials
Medical Policies and Forms
Fees and Deadlines List
Hours of Operation
For Online Degree Program Students
Counseling and Mental Health Training Programs (graduate practica)
Annual Report 2018-2019
COVID-19 Notifications To view this information, you must be logged out of a personal Gmail account, and logged in to your USC account, in order to access this site. Use your primary USC NetID; school/unit-based subdomain accounts (“med,” “law,” “marshall,” etc.,) will cause you to see a 404 error.
* For instructions on how to log in to USC Google G-Suite apps using your USC NetID, visit the ITS instruction page.


Toolkit for USC Campus PartnersWell-being Collective | Data for Partners
Student Health Advisory Committee
Meet the Health Promotion Strategy Team
USC Campus Climate Survey
USC Healthy Minds Study
AlcoholEdu® for College
Emergency Response Guide (for Faculty)
Guide: Talking about Suicide
Guide: Grief and Loss
Guide: Resilience Through Challenges
Patient FeedbackTell Us What You Think
Social MediaRumi the Wellness Dog
Twitter
Facebook
HEI 2022 Leader 






Feedback

			Site by USC ITS Web Services		

		Content managed by USC Student Health 

Privacy Notice


Notice of Non-Discrimination




















