




University of Southern California
 USC Student Health
Part of Keck Medicine of USC




Menu
Skip to content
Skip to secondary content





search
 
For New Students

Health Requirements for New Students: Entering for Spring 2022
Orientation Videos
MySHR Portal: Quickstart
Undergraduate and Graduate Students (U.S. based)
International Students
Health Professions Program Students
For Parents


Services

Medical Care

Patient Education


Counseling & Mental Health

Workshops and Programs
Group Counseling
BIPOC Mental Health
Community-Centered Services: Embedded Counselors and Liaisons


Sexual Assault Survivor Support
Transgender Care
Athletic Medicine
The Health Fee and Student Insurance

Bringing an Existing Insurance Plan to Campus
Insurance Waiver
Glossary of Terms
Dental Plan Option
Insurance for Student Travel Abroad

For Students/Parents
For Program Coordinators


Student Health Insurance Office Contact


Request a Presentation/Facilitation


MySHR Login
Emergencies
Patient Feedback
COVID-19 Health Services

COVID-19 Vaccines at USC
Vaccine Clinic Schedule
List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters
CA Digital COVID-19 Vaccine Record
FAQs on University Vaccine Policy
Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations
COVID-19 TESTING: PCR and Antigen
Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide
Post COVID-19 Diagnosis and Recovery
Instructions: Positive Test Results
Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test
Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual
Instructions: Spring Recess Testing (Using Antigen Kits)


Insurance Waiver
 Return to Content


 



Breadcrumb Navigation
HomeTransgender Care 






Transgender Care


USC Student Health is committed to providing comprehensive, integrated care for transgender students at USC. We understand that gender is a complex mix of cultural, biological and psychological factors. We use an integrative health model that can assist students with information and support related to transgender, genderqueer and non-binary health and wellness. Contact us at 213-740-9355 (WELL) or through the MySHR patient portal to make an appointment with a provider to discuss how we may support your needs.
Medical Services
Each transgender person has a different story and may be at a different stage in their transition; with different needs and expectations. For that reason we recommend that all transgender patients make an appointment with a primary care clinician with experience in transgender care so that we can get to know you, review your medical history, and work with you to get you the assistance needed.
Your transgender care team at USC Student Health has specialized training and experience in transgender-related health care inquiries, hormone treatment, counseling, consultations, and referrals:
Medical Team
Patty Pinanong, M.D., Pronouns: she, her, hers
Specialist, transgender care
Counseling and Mental Health Team
All CMH clinicians strive to provide trans-affirming care; services include providing letters of support for transgender surgery.
Patient Options
Hormone Therapy: If you are interested in hormone therapy, please make an appointment to see Dr. Patty Pinanong, your transgender care medical provider.
Surgery: When you meet with your transgender care provider, you can discuss your concerns about surgery and the process involved. See slides below.
  
  Transgender Surgery Process Guide for Patients  from University of Southern California 
Student Health Insurance Plan Benefits: Transgender surgery and hormones are covered benefits of the Student Health Insurance Plan (SHIP) provided through Aetna. For questions and concerns about your health insurance plan and benefits, please schedule a private benefits counseling appointment with Debbie Hansen, care coordination lead for transgender medical care, at (213) 740-2180.
For patients with non-SHIP insurance, please contact your member services (located on the back of your insurance card) to determine coverage for benefits.
Additional Campus Resources
LGBT Resource Center, USC Student Affairs
Provides information on transgender resources, including gender and/or name changes, housing concerns, insurance information and programming and support. Offices are located in Student Union 202.
Relationship and Sexual Violence Prevention and Services, USC Student Health
Provides services for any survivor of gender-based harm, including sexual assault, intimate partner violence, and stalking. Counselors in this office, as licensed mental health providers in Counseling and Mental Health Services (part of the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, Keck Medicine of USC) are confidential resources. Services are available in the Engemann Student Health Center (University Park Campus) and the Eric Cohen Student Health Center (Health Sciences Campus).
Note: You are welcome to use any restroom that you would like to in the student health centers.





Transgender Care Medical Care

Patient Education


Counseling & Mental Health

Workshops and Programs
Group Counseling
BIPOC Mental Health
Community-Centered Services: Embedded Counselors and Liaisons


Sexual Assault Survivor Support
Transgender Care
Athletic Medicine
The Health Fee and Student Insurance

Bringing an Existing Insurance Plan to Campus
Insurance Waiver
Glossary of Terms
Dental Plan Option
Insurance for Student Travel Abroad

For Students/Parents
For Program Coordinators


Student Health Insurance Office Contact


Request a Presentation/Facilitation
Welcome to USC Student Health
https://youtu.be/DTHcxs4IMvI









 

(213) 740-WELL (9355)
studenthealth@usc.edu



About UsLeadership
Meet the Providers
Mission, Values, and Vision
Media Room
News for Students
Policies/InformationPatient Privacy and Confidentiality
Patient Rights and Responsibilities
Patient Education Materials
Medical Policies and Forms
Fees and Deadlines List
Hours of Operation
For Online Degree Program Students
Counseling and Mental Health Training Programs (graduate practica)
Annual Report 2018-2019
COVID-19 Notifications To view this information, you must be logged out of a personal Gmail account, and logged in to your USC account, in order to access this site. Use your primary USC NetID; school/unit-based subdomain accounts (“med,” “law,” “marshall,” etc.,) will cause you to see a 404 error.
* For instructions on how to log in to USC Google G-Suite apps using your USC NetID, visit the ITS instruction page.


Toolkit for USC Campus PartnersWell-being Collective | Data for Partners
Student Health Advisory Committee
Meet the Health Promotion Strategy Team
USC Campus Climate Survey
USC Healthy Minds Study
AlcoholEdu® for College
Emergency Response Guide (for Faculty)
Guide: Talking about Suicide
Guide: Grief and Loss
Guide: Resilience Through Challenges
Patient FeedbackTell Us What You Think
Social MediaRumi the Wellness Dog
Twitter
Facebook
HEI 2022 Leader 






Feedback

			Site by USC ITS Web Services		

		Content managed by USC Student Health 

Privacy Notice


Notice of Non-Discrimination




















