




University of Southern California
 USC Student Health
Part of Keck Medicine of USC




Menu
Skip to content
Skip to secondary content





search
 
For New Students

Health Requirements for New Students: Entering for Spring 2022
Orientation Videos
MySHR Portal: Quickstart
Undergraduate and Graduate Students (U.S. based)
International Students
Health Professions Program Students
For Parents


Services

Medical Care

Patient Education


Counseling & Mental Health

Workshops and Programs
Group Counseling
BIPOC Mental Health
Community-Centered Services: Embedded Counselors and Liaisons


Sexual Assault Survivor Support
Transgender Care
Athletic Medicine
The Health Fee and Student Insurance

Bringing an Existing Insurance Plan to Campus
Insurance Waiver
Glossary of Terms
Dental Plan Option
Insurance for Student Travel Abroad

For Students/Parents
For Program Coordinators


Student Health Insurance Office Contact


Request a Presentation/Facilitation


MySHR Login
Emergencies
Patient Feedback
COVID-19 Health Services

COVID-19 Vaccines at USC
Vaccine Clinic Schedule
List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters
CA Digital COVID-19 Vaccine Record
FAQs on University Vaccine Policy
Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations
COVID-19 TESTING: PCR and Antigen
Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide
Post COVID-19 Diagnosis and Recovery
Instructions: Positive Test Results
Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test
Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual
Instructions: Spring Recess Testing (Using Antigen Kits)


Insurance Waiver
 Return to Content


 



Breadcrumb Navigation
HomeCovid-19 Health ServicesCOVID-19 Vaccines at USC 






COVID-19 Vaccines at USC


Vaccines are crucial tools in the fight against deadly infectious diseases; we strongly encourage students, faculty, and staff to receive COVID-19 vaccination.
Vaccination appointments at USC Student Health are uploaded into the schedule on a weekly basis, please check in MySHR for the current week’s appointments at the UPC Lyon Center. All current USC students (and May graduates), all USC faculty, and university staff are eligible for vaccinations. Walk-ins without appointments are accepted between the hours of 9 AM – 2 PM during vaccine clinic days. COVID-19 vaccines are provided a no cost to current students, faculty, and staff.

Learn about vaccines from Keck Medicine of USC.
Read recent University messages regarding COVID-19.
Find answers to Frequently Asked Questions about vaccination policies at USC.
See the current vaccine clinic schedule
Considering vaccination, but have questions? Check out the vaccine fact sheet and learn about the “Ask A Doc” program. Vaccine questions may also be sent to covid19@usc.edu.
Students: Needle Fear Workshops are available to help you if an anxiety of needles may be keeping you from getting the vaccine.

Video: COVID-19 Vaccines and Variants, Explained

Meet the “Vaccine Heroes” of USC
Peter Marshall, Clinical Associate Professor of Medicine (Photo credit: Ricardo Carrasco III)“I chose to get vaccinated to protect my family, patients and myself.”
 
Eddie Monroy and Daniel Salinas, Clinical Instructors in Physical Therapy (Photo credit: Photo/BKNPT)Daniel Salinas: “To protect my family and my patients and to take a small step towards a return to normal life.”Eddie Monroy: “I choose to be vaccinated to protect myself and others. Also, to demonstrate to others that it’s safe and to trust the incredible scientific breakthrough that it is.”
Alma Burke, Assistant Chief of Field Operations in the Department of Public Safety“I made the decision to take the vaccine largely in part because I have elderly parents. I personally lost my grandfather and my uncle to COVID.”
Avishai Sadan, dean of the Herman Ostrow School of Dentistry of USC receives the first dose of his COVID-19 vaccination from Guadalupe Felix. (USC Photo/Gus Ruelas)
Nidia Salas, 68, receives a COVID-19 vaccine on Saturday at Keck Hospital of USC. Her son works as a housekeeper at the facility. (Photo/Ricardo Carrasco III)
Edward Jones-Lopez, Peter Marshall, Noel Battle, Sara Troyer, Samuel Ware, Dodgie Cortes, Addie Morgan and Maria Saravia are the first to receive the COVID-19 vaccine at Keck Medicine of USC. (Photo/Ricardo Carrasco III)





Covid-19 Health Services COVID-19 Vaccines at USC
Vaccine Clinic Schedule
List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters
CA Digital COVID-19 Vaccine Record
FAQs on University Vaccine Policy
Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations
COVID-19 TESTING: PCR and Antigen
Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide
Post COVID-19 Diagnosis and Recovery
Instructions: Positive Test Results
Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test
Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual
Instructions: Spring Recess Testing (Using Antigen Kits)
Welcome to USC Student Health
https://youtu.be/DTHcxs4IMvI









 

(213) 740-WELL (9355)
studenthealth@usc.edu



About UsLeadership
Meet the Providers
Mission, Values, and Vision
Media Room
News for Students
Policies/InformationPatient Privacy and Confidentiality
Patient Rights and Responsibilities
Patient Education Materials
Medical Policies and Forms
Fees and Deadlines List
Hours of Operation
For Online Degree Program Students
Counseling and Mental Health Training Programs (graduate practica)
Annual Report 2018-2019
COVID-19 Notifications To view this information, you must be logged out of a personal Gmail account, and logged in to your USC account, in order to access this site. Use your primary USC NetID; school/unit-based subdomain accounts (“med,” “law,” “marshall,” etc.,) will cause you to see a 404 error.
* For instructions on how to log in to USC Google G-Suite apps using your USC NetID, visit the ITS instruction page.


Toolkit for USC Campus PartnersWell-being Collective | Data for Partners
Student Health Advisory Committee
Meet the Health Promotion Strategy Team
USC Campus Climate Survey
USC Healthy Minds Study
AlcoholEdu® for College
Emergency Response Guide (for Faculty)
Guide: Talking about Suicide
Guide: Grief and Loss
Guide: Resilience Through Challenges
Patient FeedbackTell Us What You Think
Social MediaRumi the Wellness Dog
Twitter
Facebook
HEI 2022 Leader 






Feedback

			Site by USC ITS Web Services		

		Content managed by USC Student Health 

Privacy Notice


Notice of Non-Discrimination




















