




University of Southern California
 USC Student Health
Part of Keck Medicine of USC




Menu
Skip to content
Skip to secondary content





search
 
For New Students

Health Requirements for New Students: Entering for Spring 2022
Orientation Videos
MySHR Portal: Quickstart
Undergraduate and Graduate Students (U.S. based)
International Students
Health Professions Program Students
For Parents


Services

Medical Care

Patient Education


Counseling & Mental Health

Workshops and Programs
Group Counseling
BIPOC Mental Health
Community-Centered Services: Embedded Counselors and Liaisons


Sexual Assault Survivor Support
Transgender Care
Athletic Medicine
The Health Fee and Student Insurance

Bringing an Existing Insurance Plan to Campus
Insurance Waiver
Glossary of Terms
Dental Plan Option
Insurance for Student Travel Abroad

For Students/Parents
For Program Coordinators


Student Health Insurance Office Contact


Request a Presentation/Facilitation


MySHR Login
Emergencies
Patient Feedback
COVID-19 Health Services

COVID-19 Vaccines at USC
Vaccine Clinic Schedule
List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters
CA Digital COVID-19 Vaccine Record
FAQs on University Vaccine Policy
Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations
COVID-19 TESTING: PCR and Antigen
Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide
Post COVID-19 Diagnosis and Recovery
Instructions: Positive Test Results
Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test
Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual
Instructions: Spring Recess Testing (Using Antigen Kits)


Insurance Waiver
 Return to Content


 



Breadcrumb Navigation
HomeNotesInstructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test 






Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test




Individuals under case management at USC Student Health (students, faculty, and staff) will be invited to schedule an antigen test on the early morning of DAY 6 of their isolation period. Individuals must meet both of the following criteria:

It has been at least 5 days since Day 0 (date of symptom onset, or if asymptomatic, date of positive test)
You have not had a fever in 24 hours and have not taken any fever reducing medications in the last 24 hours.
Your symptoms are improving.

An automated message will be sent through MySHR inviting you to schedule. Only individuals under case management with USC Student Health (tested through Pop Testing, or uploaded your positive tests in MySHR), are eligible for the antigen testing program. Antigen test scheduling is subject to availability of tests.
For Telemed Antigen Testing, please see instructions below and follow Steps 1 -3.
A) Hotel-based testing—I am a student in USC-managed isolation accommodations in a hotel.

For students in USC-managed hotel isolation accommodations, the site management will distribute kits to you. Follow Steps 1-3 in your hotel room for your TeleMed appointment.

B) HSC Pappas Quad Kit pickup—I am an employee/student managing my own isolation at home, and can walk to Pappas Quad.

For all other individuals under Student Health case management (USC employees, students in isolation at home), if you are isolating at home and are able to walk to campus, you may pick up a kit. You must have a confirmed Day 6 Antigen Testing appointment in MySHR in order to pick up a kit. 

Kit pick up is in Mon-Fri from 2:30PM – 4:30 PM. Stay masked (with a medical-grade mask) at all times and maintain physical distance with others when arranging kit pickup.



Walk-ins will not be accepted for COVID Antigen testing—you must have a confirmed appointment. 
All users—Review the video instructions

Carestart kits: https://bit.ly/CareStartDay6
STEP 1: Schedule a test in MySHR

MySHR > Appointments > COVID-19 Antigen Test for Isolation Clearance.

STEP 2: Prepare your sample collection (within 15 minutes of your appointment) (FOR TELEMED ANTIGEN TESTING ONLY)

While in isolation, review these video instructions to prepare your sample.
Prepare the sample within 15 minutes of your appointment time.
One kit is allocated per person, ONLY USE THE KIT for the purposes of determining early end of the isolation period.
Do not throw the result away. Hold on to that result and log in to your virtual appointment at your appointment time. A member of the Student Health team will require you to show physical test results via zoom.
YOUR TEST RESULT IS ONLY GOOD FOR 15 MINUTES. Please make sure you start the testing process no earlier than 15 minutes before your appointment time.

STEP 3: Review and Results Confirmation (At Your Appointment time) (FOR TELEMED ANTIGEN TESTING ONLY)

Log in for your Telehealth appointment, and a member of the medical team will review your completed results and confirm next instructions.
Make sure to check-in at your scheduled time – coming earlier or later than your scheduled time could result in your appointment being cancelled.

Appointments may be limited and can only be scheduled up to 24 hours in advance.  Walk-ins will not be accepted for COVID Antigen testing appointments. Antigen Testing is closed on Sundays and university holidays. You will only be able to see and schedule this appointment after midnight following day 5 after you tested positive or your symptoms began. If you do not yet see the option in MySHR, try again after midnight.







Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test COVID-19 Vaccines at USC
Vaccine Clinic Schedule
List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters
CA Digital COVID-19 Vaccine Record
FAQs on University Vaccine Policy
Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations
COVID-19 TESTING: PCR and Antigen
Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide
Post COVID-19 Diagnosis and Recovery
Instructions: Positive Test Results
Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test
Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual
Instructions: Spring Recess Testing (Using Antigen Kits)
Welcome to USC Student Health
https://youtu.be/DTHcxs4IMvI









 

(213) 740-WELL (9355)
studenthealth@usc.edu



About UsLeadership
Meet the Providers
Mission, Values, and Vision
Media Room
News for Students
Policies/InformationPatient Privacy and Confidentiality
Patient Rights and Responsibilities
Patient Education Materials
Medical Policies and Forms
Fees and Deadlines List
Hours of Operation
For Online Degree Program Students
Counseling and Mental Health Training Programs (graduate practica)
Annual Report 2018-2019
COVID-19 Notifications To view this information, you must be logged out of a personal Gmail account, and logged in to your USC account, in order to access this site. Use your primary USC NetID; school/unit-based subdomain accounts (“med,” “law,” “marshall,” etc.,) will cause you to see a 404 error.
* For instructions on how to log in to USC Google G-Suite apps using your USC NetID, visit the ITS instruction page.


Toolkit for USC Campus PartnersWell-being Collective | Data for Partners
Student Health Advisory Committee
Meet the Health Promotion Strategy Team
USC Campus Climate Survey
USC Healthy Minds Study
AlcoholEdu® for College
Emergency Response Guide (for Faculty)
Guide: Talking about Suicide
Guide: Grief and Loss
Guide: Resilience Through Challenges
Patient FeedbackTell Us What You Think
Social MediaRumi the Wellness Dog
Twitter
Facebook
HEI 2022 Leader 






Feedback

			Site by USC ITS Web Services		

		Content managed by USC Student Health 

Privacy Notice


Notice of Non-Discrimination




















