




University of Southern California
 USC Student Health
Part of Keck Medicine of USC




Menu
Skip to content
Skip to secondary content





search
 
For New Students

Health Requirements for New Students: Entering for Spring 2022
Orientation Videos
MySHR Portal: Quickstart
Undergraduate and Graduate Students (U.S. based)
International Students
Health Professions Program Students
For Parents


Services

Medical Care

Patient Education


Counseling & Mental Health

Workshops and Programs
Group Counseling
BIPOC Mental Health
Community-Centered Services: Embedded Counselors and Liaisons


Sexual Assault Survivor Support
Transgender Care
Athletic Medicine
The Health Fee and Student Insurance

Bringing an Existing Insurance Plan to Campus
Insurance Waiver
Glossary of Terms
Dental Plan Option
Insurance for Student Travel Abroad

For Students/Parents
For Program Coordinators


Student Health Insurance Office Contact


Request a Presentation/Facilitation


MySHR Login
Emergencies
Patient Feedback
COVID-19 Health Services

COVID-19 Vaccines at USC
Vaccine Clinic Schedule
List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters
CA Digital COVID-19 Vaccine Record
FAQs on University Vaccine Policy
Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations
COVID-19 TESTING: PCR and Antigen
Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide
Post COVID-19 Diagnosis and Recovery
Instructions: Positive Test Results
Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test
Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual
Instructions: Spring Recess Testing (Using Antigen Kits)


Insurance Waiver
 Return to Content


 



Breadcrumb Navigation
HomeNotesTrojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide 






Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide




Trojan Check Resets
If you have accidentally answered incorrectly and need a same-day reset (until 7 p.m.) of your Trojan Check, please email tchelp@usc.edu with your USC ID number. Do not proceed with a reset if you have symptoms, as this is a conduct violation for students and employees. Trojan Check automatically resets at midnight each evening.
Logging In and Scheduling
Issues logging into MySHR:
Please take a screenshot of the error message you are receiving and send that along with your full name, date of birth, and 10 digit USC ID (on your USC IC card) to eshchim@usc.edu.
If you are a new student, please see the Quickstart instructions for MySHR.
Issues scheduling testing—eligible population
If you receive an error that you are not part of the eligible population for testing, make sure you are correctly answering “Yes” if you are have any student status (including postdocs).
If you continue to receive an error and you believe you are selecting the right information, take a screen shot of the error and send that along with your full name, date of birth, and 10 digit USC ID (on your USC ID card) to eshchim@usc.edu.
FAQs for Testing
 I am having appointment scheduling issues for COVID testing.
If you are not able to view appointments for your desired timeslot, try “select all locations.” Frequently, appointments are available at Pardee/Marks when Jefferson Lot is booked.
I don’t see appointments for later in the week.
Check the schedule 4-12 hours ahead of your desired testing time. Due to the volume of testing appointments, times that are later in the week are not visible until closer to the date/time of testing.
Do I need to test on the day I move-in to campus?
No, you may schedule to test any time this week.
Please note that at the end of day Friday, August 27, Trojan Check will require that your MySHR record has a completed test within the past week.
Alternatively, you may schedule (and keep) a same-day test to meet the requirement.
What day of the week should I arrange to test?
After your initial test, decide which “weekly” appointment date from Tuesday-Friday works best in your schedule. Pro tip: Avoid Mondays, which are usually the most sought-after day for testing.

I live locally and commute to classes. Am I required to test?


Yes, you are required to test, as this affects your Trojan Check.


I am an employee who takes classes, am I required to test?


Yes, you are required to test, as this affects your Trojan Check.

Can I use a test from an outside facility to meet this requirement?
No, uploads from external testing sites are not accepted to meet the surveillance testing requirement.
Why am I instructed to test on day 3?
Traveling (such as during move-in) increases risk an exposure to COVID-19. When you may have had an exposure, it is recommended to test between days 3-5 so that viral load can be more consistently detected.
 

Uploading Documentation
Navigate to the “Upload Documents” section, and you will see different areas for uploading:

your vaccine card/documentation
religious or medical exemption forms
viral test results (if you have previously had COVID-19 within the past 90 days and therefore should be exempted from testing, see instructions below)


I tested positive previously for COVID-19, so I know I should not test for 90 days. How can previously positive COVID-19 patients become exempt from testing for that time?
In MySHR, you need to take 2 actions:

In the “Downloadable Forms” section, upload your positive test result under “COVID-19 Viral Test Results”; then
In the “Messages” section, send a secure message to the Advice Nurse to let the medical team know you have uploaded the document. Your record will be manually adjusted to reflect your 90-day testing exemption.

I’ve received my COVID-19 vaccination from outside of USC, how can I update this in my records?
In MySHR, in the “Upload Documents” section, select the “COVID-19 Vaccine Documentation” area and upload your completed (both doses) vaccine card. Upload as soon as you have your first dose, and again when you have the second dose. You may also submit your declination form in this section if you have been offered the vaccine and decline to take it.
Do I have to test with USC to fulfill the Trojan Check testing requirements?
At this time, yes. This makes contact tracing much faster to conduct as lab results are available within 24 hours.

Sample Collection and Lab Results
What is an invalid sample?
This means that the sample cannot be processed (bubbles in the sample, food, drink or other substance in the sample, or other interference) so the order is canceled.
What does an “inconclusive” test result mean?
This means that your test was not able to be read as either positive or negative. Because the test was not a definitive negative, you will need to re-test, and your Trojan Check campus access will be turned off until you receive a negative result.
 

Saliva Collection Alternative
For patients who have medical difficulty with saliva sample collection and are experiencing unsuccessful sample collection, a nasal swab pilot program is available with accompanying medical documentation.







Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide COVID-19 Vaccines at USC
Vaccine Clinic Schedule
List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters
CA Digital COVID-19 Vaccine Record
FAQs on University Vaccine Policy
Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations
COVID-19 TESTING: PCR and Antigen
Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide
Post COVID-19 Diagnosis and Recovery
Instructions: Positive Test Results
Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test
Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual
Instructions: Spring Recess Testing (Using Antigen Kits)
Welcome to USC Student Health
https://youtu.be/DTHcxs4IMvI









 

(213) 740-WELL (9355)
studenthealth@usc.edu



About UsLeadership
Meet the Providers
Mission, Values, and Vision
Media Room
News for Students
Policies/InformationPatient Privacy and Confidentiality
Patient Rights and Responsibilities
Patient Education Materials
Medical Policies and Forms
Fees and Deadlines List
Hours of Operation
For Online Degree Program Students
Counseling and Mental Health Training Programs (graduate practica)
Annual Report 2018-2019
COVID-19 Notifications To view this information, you must be logged out of a personal Gmail account, and logged in to your USC account, in order to access this site. Use your primary USC NetID; school/unit-based subdomain accounts (“med,” “law,” “marshall,” etc.,) will cause you to see a 404 error.
* For instructions on how to log in to USC Google G-Suite apps using your USC NetID, visit the ITS instruction page.


Toolkit for USC Campus PartnersWell-being Collective | Data for Partners
Student Health Advisory Committee
Meet the Health Promotion Strategy Team
USC Campus Climate Survey
USC Healthy Minds Study
AlcoholEdu® for College
Emergency Response Guide (for Faculty)
Guide: Talking about Suicide
Guide: Grief and Loss
Guide: Resilience Through Challenges
Patient FeedbackTell Us What You Think
Social MediaRumi the Wellness Dog
Twitter
Facebook
HEI 2022 Leader 






Feedback

			Site by USC ITS Web Services		

		Content managed by USC Student Health 

Privacy Notice


Notice of Non-Discrimination




















