




University of Southern California
 USC Student Health
Part of Keck Medicine of USC




Menu
Skip to content
Skip to secondary content





search
 
For New Students

Health Requirements for New Students: Entering for Spring 2022
Orientation Videos
MySHR Portal: Quickstart
Undergraduate and Graduate Students (U.S. based)
International Students
Health Professions Program Students
For Parents


Services

Medical Care

Patient Education


Counseling & Mental Health

Workshops and Programs
Group Counseling
BIPOC Mental Health
Community-Centered Services: Embedded Counselors and Liaisons


Sexual Assault Survivor Support
Transgender Care
Athletic Medicine
The Health Fee and Student Insurance

Bringing an Existing Insurance Plan to Campus
Insurance Waiver
Glossary of Terms
Dental Plan Option
Insurance for Student Travel Abroad

For Students/Parents
For Program Coordinators


Student Health Insurance Office Contact


Request a Presentation/Facilitation


MySHR Login
Emergencies
Patient Feedback
COVID-19 Health Services

COVID-19 Vaccines at USC
Vaccine Clinic Schedule
List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters
CA Digital COVID-19 Vaccine Record
FAQs on University Vaccine Policy
Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations
COVID-19 TESTING: PCR and Antigen
Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide
Post COVID-19 Diagnosis and Recovery
Instructions: Positive Test Results
Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test
Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual
Instructions: Spring Recess Testing (Using Antigen Kits)


Insurance Waiver
 Return to Content


 



Breadcrumb Navigation
HomeNewsCOVID-19 Update for Campuses (2/18/22) 






COVID-19 Update for Campuses (2/18/22)




February 18, 2022
TO:      USC Students, Faculty and University Staff
FR:       Sarah Van Orman, Chief Health Officer, USC Student Health; Division Chief for College Health, Keck School of Medicine of USC
RE:       COVID-19 Update for Campuses
The spring 2022 current outlook on COVID-19 transmission has greatly improved at USC and in LA County since the peak of the winter surge last month. As of this week, the test positivity rates for our campuses have dropped to 1.31% for students, and 0.87% for employees, matching a similar rate of decline in LA County.
We appreciate the efforts of our students, faculty, and staff who have collectively created a protected environment with adherence to the vaccination, booster, and testing requirements. Vaccination with boosters continues to be an important contributing factor in protecting our campuses. If you have not yet received a booster, you may still receive it next week through USC Pharmacy locations or at retail sites near you. If you recovered from COVID-19 during this past winter, it is still recommended that you receive a booster to complete your immunity.
At this point in the pandemic, we are looking at the future with plans to modify protocols that remove mitigation levels as public health orders are revised to lift restrictions.
As announced on February 16, Los Angeles County removed restrictions for outdoor masking, based on improved metrics for hospitalizations and case fatalities. Outdoor masking is now also lifted for university-sponsored events. Masking is required indoors, on transportation, and at health care facilities (including testing sites). We are anticipating that metrics will continue to improve even more in one more week, so are planning for a lifting of some campus measures slated for March 1.
As of March 1, the university is modifying the requirements for surveillance testing of students, as the first of a phased approach to lifting COVID-19 restrictions. Progression of lifting restrictions at USC will occur simultaneously as revised LADPH Health Officer Orders are released, as required by law.
Testing: On March 1, students who are up to date on their vaccinations (fully vaccinated; and have received a booster if currently eligible) are no longer required to test weekly. Testing requirements for unvaccinated with approved exemption (every 72 hours) and individuals not up to date on vaccinations (every 4 days) remain in effect.  The weekly testing cadence is no longer required, but please remember that testing remains available for all students, faculty and staff. This service should be used by anyone who is symptomatic; exposed to a positive case of COVID-19; or wants to test before/after attending a large gathering, travel, or other possible heightened risk of exposure.
Additional modifications on this date include protocols regarding:

Gyms: Reservations will no longer be required for general access to the USC Village, Lyon Center, and HSC Fitness Center Gyms. Please follow guidance and instructions from Recreational Sports.
Guests in Residence Halls: Guests will be permitted in the campus residence halls. Please follow guidance and instructions from Residential Education.

Please refer to the March 1 transition guide for information about what is different (and what remains the same) for COVID-19 safety at this phase. As we prepare for additional phases of lifting restrictions, we will share updates and milestone dates with the community. After two years, we recognize this has been an arduous journey, from our first health alert to one most recent one million test milestone.
We appreciate our campuses’ hard work, resilience, support for one another, and shared sense of community as we make our way toward more hopeful spring.
Stay safe, and fight on!







Welcome to USC Student Health
https://youtu.be/DTHcxs4IMvI









 

(213) 740-WELL (9355)
studenthealth@usc.edu



About UsLeadership
Meet the Providers
Mission, Values, and Vision
Media Room
News for Students
Policies/InformationPatient Privacy and Confidentiality
Patient Rights and Responsibilities
Patient Education Materials
Medical Policies and Forms
Fees and Deadlines List
Hours of Operation
For Online Degree Program Students
Counseling and Mental Health Training Programs (graduate practica)
Annual Report 2018-2019
COVID-19 Notifications To view this information, you must be logged out of a personal Gmail account, and logged in to your USC account, in order to access this site. Use your primary USC NetID; school/unit-based subdomain accounts (“med,” “law,” “marshall,” etc.,) will cause you to see a 404 error.
* For instructions on how to log in to USC Google G-Suite apps using your USC NetID, visit the ITS instruction page.


Toolkit for USC Campus PartnersWell-being Collective | Data for Partners
Student Health Advisory Committee
Meet the Health Promotion Strategy Team
USC Campus Climate Survey
USC Healthy Minds Study
AlcoholEdu® for College
Emergency Response Guide (for Faculty)
Guide: Talking about Suicide
Guide: Grief and Loss
Guide: Resilience Through Challenges
Patient FeedbackTell Us What You Think
Social MediaRumi the Wellness Dog
Twitter
Facebook
HEI 2022 Leader 






Feedback

			Site by USC ITS Web Services		

		Content managed by USC Student Health 

Privacy Notice


Notice of Non-Discrimination




















