




University of Southern California
 USC Student Health
Part of Keck Medicine of USC




Menu
Skip to content
Skip to secondary content





search
 
For New Students

Health Requirements for New Students: Entering for Spring 2022
Orientation Videos
MySHR Portal: Quickstart
Undergraduate and Graduate Students (U.S. based)
International Students
Health Professions Program Students
For Parents


Services

Medical Care

Patient Education


Counseling & Mental Health

Workshops and Programs
Group Counseling
BIPOC Mental Health
Community-Centered Services: Embedded Counselors and Liaisons


Sexual Assault Survivor Support
Transgender Care
Athletic Medicine
The Health Fee and Student Insurance

Bringing an Existing Insurance Plan to Campus
Insurance Waiver
Glossary of Terms
Dental Plan Option
Insurance for Student Travel Abroad

For Students/Parents
For Program Coordinators


Student Health Insurance Office Contact


Request a Presentation/Facilitation


MySHR Login
Emergencies
Patient Feedback
COVID-19 Health Services

COVID-19 Vaccines at USC
Vaccine Clinic Schedule
List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters
CA Digital COVID-19 Vaccine Record
FAQs on University Vaccine Policy
Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations
COVID-19 TESTING: PCR and Antigen
Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide
Post COVID-19 Diagnosis and Recovery
Instructions: Positive Test Results
Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test
Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual
Instructions: Spring Recess Testing (Using Antigen Kits)


Insurance Waiver
 Return to Content


 



Breadcrumb Navigation
HomeNotesInstructions: Exposure to a positive individual 






Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual




Close contact exposure is defined as being within 6 ft. of a positive person for a total duration of 15 minutes or longer over a 24 hour period.

Exposure may be considered lower risk by mitigation factors such as wearing PPE (including a well-fitted medical grade mask; additional protection of a face shield), greater distancing, location in a well-ventilated or large indoor space, or an outdoor location.
Exposure may be considered higher risk by factors such as prolonged contact, eating and drinking together, singing/shouting or other high respiratory exhalation activities, lack of consistent mask use, poor ventilation, or close physical proximity together.

If you have been EXPOSED to an individual positive for COVID-19, follow the instructions in Section A.
If you have reason to believe you have a LOW RISK of exposure to a positive person (no confirmed close contact, but you were in the same location as the positive person for an unknown duration), follow the instructions in Section B.

SECTION A: CONFIRMED EXPOSURE
You are advised to get tested for COVID-19. The date of exposure to a positive person is Day 0 (zero). Day 1 is the first full day after exposure. Test as soon as you are able to make arrangements, and again on Day 5 after exposure. See the quarantine and isolation chart below or download a copy.

Useful links:

Quarantine & Isolation Chart
Quarantine instructions
Isolation instructions
COVID-19 Symptoms
USC Pop Testing
MySHR

Testing is available at no cost during paid working time through the USC Pop Testing program. You may also contact your healthcare provider for testing.
“90 Days” Note: If you have previously tested positive for COVID-19 within the past 90 days and you do not have symptoms, you should not participate in tests that are PCR (Pop Testing), as results may not correctly reflect your level of current infection. Monitor for symptoms, and if you develop any symptoms, arrange for Antigen, NAAT or LAMP diagnostic testing.
NOT UP TO DATE ON VACCINES/BOOSTER: Quarantine
This section applies to you if you are 1) unvaccinated; 2) not fully vaccinated (missing a second dose of a 2-dose series) or 3) vaccinated, but missing a booster dose (5 months after completing Pfizer or Moderna series; 6 months after completing an EUL-approved series, 2 months after completing J&J shot)

Begin quarantine, and do not report to work, attend class or any campus activities.
Immediately test: Arrange a USC Pop Testing as soon as you are able to.
Test on Day 5 (USC Pop Testing program). If you have no symptoms and your test is negative, you can resume activities outside of quarantine WITH a well-fitting, non-cloth mask worn indoors and outdoors while around others, for the remainder of the 10 days after exposure.
Monitor for symptoms until day 10
If you do not test, you must quarantine until Day 10.

UP TO DATE ON VACCINES/BOOSTER: No quarantine required.
This section applies to you if you are if you are fully up to date on your COVID-19 vaccines (completed a primary series no less than two weeks ago), and received a booster within the eligible window (5 months after completing Pfizer series; 6 months after complete Moderna or EUL-approved series, 2 months after completing J&J shot):
As long as you are up to date on your vaccines, including a booster shot if eligible, and do not have nor develop any symptoms, you may continue to enter campus, go to work, attend classes, and participate in regular activities:

Immediately test: Arrange a USC Pop Testing as soon as you are able to.
Test on Day 5 (USC Pop Testing program). If you have no symptoms and your test is negative, continue activities outside of quarantine WITH a well-fitting, non-cloth mask worn indoors and outdoors while around others, for the remainder of the 10 days after exposure.
Monitor for symptoms until day 10.


SECTION B: LOW RISK OF EXPOSURE
Consistent with current public health guidelines related to potential brief exposures, active self-monitoring for symptoms is recommended as follows:

You may continue to work and attend classes.
The date of exposure to a positive person is Day 0 (zero). Day 1 is the first full day after exposure. Test on Day 5 after potential exposure if you decide to test.

Useful links:

COVID-19 Symptoms
USC Pop Testing
MySHR

Testing is available at no cost during paid working time through the USC Pop Testing program.
“90 Days” Note: If you have previously tested positive for COVID-19 within the past 90 days and you do not have symptoms, you should not participate in tests that are PCR (Pop Testing), as results may not correctly reflect your level of current infection. Monitor for symptoms, and if you develop any symptoms, arrange for Antigen, NAAT or LAMP diagnostic testing.
If you develop any symptoms, please begin self-isolation. Notify your supervisor and arrange for testing and further evaluation.
These instructions are also made to reinforce awareness of the nature of community spread of COVID-19 and the importance of the following health and safety practices:

Masking indoors is required for all individuals on campus, or as directed. A well-fitting medical grade or higher quality mask is required. 
Practice personal hand hygiene with hand washing and frequent use of hand sanitizer.
Complete Trojan Check daily. All students, employees, and visitors are required to complete a daily symptom check prior to entering facilities on our campuses and when residing on campus. Because you did not have a close contact you may indicate “no” when asked if you have been exposed.
If you are not fully vaccinated and have recently traveled, self-monitor for symptoms, get a COVID test on day 3-5 and do not come to campus for 5 days.
A student or employee who tests positive for COVID-19 (if testing outside of USC) should notify USC by calling the hotline at 213-740-6291 or by emailing covid19@usc.edu.


Information For Employees: If you are a current employee/subcontractor experiencing COVID-19 symptoms or have been exposed to someone with COVID-19, with appropriate notice, you will not be disciplined for not coming into work. Your health is our top priority and we remain committed to providing a safe environment for all of our employees. As an employee of the University, you may be entitled to several different types of leave or benefits including the following:

Family Medical Leave
California Family Rights Act Leave
Workers’ Compensation
California and Local COVID-19 Supplemental Paid Sick Leave
California Paid Sick Leave
Exclusion pay under the Cal/OSHA Emergency Temporary Standards on COVID-19
Disability Insurance
Long Term Disability
Other state provided paid benefits, such as State Disability Insurance (SDI), unemployment benefits, and/or California Paid Family Leave

Additional information regarding employee leave and benefits may be found at https://employees.usc.edu/covid-19-faq-general-questions-for-employees/.
Please be aware that we have a COVID-19 disinfection protocol and safety plan that is consistent with CDC recommendations as well as state and local directives. In accordance with our disinfection protocol and safety plan, we will have frequent enhanced cleaning throughout campus and routine disinfection of areas identified during contact tracing. If you would like more information on the cleaning of buildings at USC, please visit the Office of Environmental Health & Safety’s website where you can view a guide sheet on enhanced cleaning during COVID-19.
We take the health and safety of our employees very seriously. If you have any questions about this notice or any health and safety concerns, please contact USC Student Health at 213-740-9355 or studenthealth@usc.edu.
We strictly prohibit unlawful retaliation, harassment, and discrimination. This includes retaliation, harassment, and discrimination against individuals for COVID-19-related reasons, including but not limited to an individual’s exposure or possible exposure to COVID-19, showing or reporting symptoms of COVID-19, testing positive for COVID-19, and/or taking a leave of absence for COVID-19-related reasons.
If you are a USC student and unable to self-isolate at home, the university can assist you with accommodations.
Employees may access the university’s isolation accommodations; costs are the responsibility of the employee except in cases where transmission is due to a workplace exposure.

A daily digest of locations and dates of positive cases on campus may be accessed online (log-in required). To view this information, you must be logged out of a personal Gmail account, and logged in to your USC account, in order to access this site. Use your primary USC NetID; school/unit-based subdomain accounts (“med,” “law,” “marshall,” etc.,) will cause you to see a 404 error. For instructions on how to log in to USC Google G-Suite apps using your USC NetID, visit the ITS instruction page.
 







Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual COVID-19 Vaccines at USC
Vaccine Clinic Schedule
List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters
CA Digital COVID-19 Vaccine Record
FAQs on University Vaccine Policy
Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations
COVID-19 TESTING: PCR and Antigen
Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide
Post COVID-19 Diagnosis and Recovery
Instructions: Positive Test Results
Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test
Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual
Instructions: Spring Recess Testing (Using Antigen Kits)
Welcome to USC Student Health
https://youtu.be/DTHcxs4IMvI









 

(213) 740-WELL (9355)
studenthealth@usc.edu



About UsLeadership
Meet the Providers
Mission, Values, and Vision
Media Room
News for Students
Policies/InformationPatient Privacy and Confidentiality
Patient Rights and Responsibilities
Patient Education Materials
Medical Policies and Forms
Fees and Deadlines List
Hours of Operation
For Online Degree Program Students
Counseling and Mental Health Training Programs (graduate practica)
Annual Report 2018-2019
COVID-19 Notifications To view this information, you must be logged out of a personal Gmail account, and logged in to your USC account, in order to access this site. Use your primary USC NetID; school/unit-based subdomain accounts (“med,” “law,” “marshall,” etc.,) will cause you to see a 404 error.
* For instructions on how to log in to USC Google G-Suite apps using your USC NetID, visit the ITS instruction page.


Toolkit for USC Campus PartnersWell-being Collective | Data for Partners
Student Health Advisory Committee
Meet the Health Promotion Strategy Team
USC Campus Climate Survey
USC Healthy Minds Study
AlcoholEdu® for College
Emergency Response Guide (for Faculty)
Guide: Talking about Suicide
Guide: Grief and Loss
Guide: Resilience Through Challenges
Patient FeedbackTell Us What You Think
Social MediaRumi the Wellness Dog
Twitter
Facebook
HEI 2022 Leader 






Feedback

			Site by USC ITS Web Services		

		Content managed by USC Student Health 

Privacy Notice


Notice of Non-Discrimination




















