




University of Southern California
 USC Student Health
Part of Keck Medicine of USC




Menu
Skip to content
Skip to secondary content





search
 
For New Students

Health Requirements for New Students: Entering for Spring 2022
Orientation Videos
MySHR Portal: Quickstart
Undergraduate and Graduate Students (U.S. based)
International Students
Health Professions Program Students
For Parents


Services

Medical Care

Patient Education


Counseling & Mental Health

Workshops and Programs
Group Counseling
BIPOC Mental Health
Community-Centered Services: Embedded Counselors and Liaisons


Sexual Assault Survivor Support
Transgender Care
Athletic Medicine
The Health Fee and Student Insurance

Bringing an Existing Insurance Plan to Campus
Insurance Waiver
Glossary of Terms
Dental Plan Option
Insurance for Student Travel Abroad

For Students/Parents
For Program Coordinators


Student Health Insurance Office Contact


Request a Presentation/Facilitation


MySHR Login
Emergencies
Patient Feedback
COVID-19 Health Services

COVID-19 Vaccines at USC
Vaccine Clinic Schedule
List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters
CA Digital COVID-19 Vaccine Record
FAQs on University Vaccine Policy
Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations
COVID-19 TESTING: PCR and Antigen
Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide
Post COVID-19 Diagnosis and Recovery
Instructions: Positive Test Results
Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test
Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual
Instructions: Spring Recess Testing (Using Antigen Kits)


Insurance Waiver
 Return to Content


 



Breadcrumb Navigation
HomeCounseling and Mental Health 






Counseling and Mental Health


Counseling and Mental Health Services 

Services (in USC Student Health)
Provided through the USC Student Health Fee.
Counseling and Mental Health programs include individual therapy, group therapy, crisis support, psychiatric services and specialties for gender-based harm. A specialized team in Relationship and Sexual Assault and Violence Prevention Services works on relationship/sexual violence prevention education and client services.
Crisis support
Students are encouraged to walk-in for urgent matters at both Engemann and Eric Cohen Student Health Centers. If after closing hours, please call the 24/7 line, 213-740-9355 (WELL).
Ongoing Programs and Services
Drop-in (“Let’s Talk…On Zoom!) — an opportunity to talk one-on-one with a counselor. Each “Let’s Talk” is structured as a 30-minute drop-in for individual conversation. As an outreach activity, this is a good way to explore what talk therapy might be like. All USC students (currently enrolled or under the Student Health fee) are eligible to participate in this activity, regardless of geographic location.
Single-session workshops for help with anxiety, sleep, relationships, and other topics, sign up via mySHR.
Therapy Services
Individual appointments to talk to counselors “one-on-one”; available both through TeleHealth and when needed, in-person, please schedule in MySHR.
Group Counseling that provides spaces to make progress with people who share similar situations.


Make an appointment through MySHR (https://usc.edu/myshr); or call 213-740-9355 (WELL).

Meet the Counseling and Mental Health care providers.
Due to state licensing requirements, access to clinical care (medical, individual counseling or formal group therapy) is limited to patients currently in California. “Let’s Talk”  and Workshops are open to all USC students regardless of their current location.

Behavioral Health Services (Insurance-based)
Psychiatric and Behavioral Health Services (PBHS, 5th floor) Practice
This clinical practice, located on the 5th floor of the Engemann Student Health Center Building, is staffed by culturally informed and diverse faculty, and offers greater access to intermediate and long-term, solution-focused, evidence-based care for more complex conditions. Whether the client’s need is for support with managing anxiety, depression or another diagnosis, this team of specialists from the Dept. of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences in the Keck School of Medicine of USC is dedicated to providing comprehensive, compassionate psychiatric care, therapy and case management services. USC students are recommended to first meet with Counseling and Mental Health Services in USC Student Health to discuss their personalized treatment plan prior to making appointments with PBHS.
Web-based Long-term Counseling with Behavioral Health Services
USC students have the option of using telehealth for mental health services, via the contract that the USC Student Health Insurance Plan (SHIP, through  Aetna) has with Array Behavioral Health Services(formerly Inpathy.) This is a virtual service that allows you to video-chat with board-certified medical/mental health professionals about your health/mental heath needs and receive prescriptions.

Array services are covered by USC SHIP but is also available to students who have waived USC SHIP—check their current accepted plans information.

Connect with Counseling and Mental Health Services first—either walk-in for urgent counseling, or make an appointment via MySHR (Appointment > Counseling and Mental Health > Referral) or by calling 213-740-9355 (WELL)—to discuss your concerns and arrange for a referral.
 

Presentation and facilitation
For departments and student organizations that would like a counselor to facilitate discussion with students, please contact us by completing the information on this request form.
 

Service Navigation for Cultural Communities

For cultural communities at USC, liaisons provide ongoing support through SEIP programs, please visit our BIPOC Mental Health microsite for additional details.
 

Mindfulness Guide

Visit the Mindfulness Guide online, produced by clinicians Yong Park and Naomi Bock, for information of taking a break and cultivating breaks to support your mental health.
 

Mental Well-being Programs

Look for this symbol for campus programs that are co-organized and co-presented by Counseling and Mental Health clinical providers, and are underwritten by the Student Health Fee (SHF).





Counseling and Mental Health Medical Care

Patient Education


Counseling & Mental Health

Workshops and Programs
Group Counseling
BIPOC Mental Health
Community-Centered Services: Embedded Counselors and Liaisons


Sexual Assault Survivor Support
Transgender Care
Athletic Medicine
The Health Fee and Student Insurance

Bringing an Existing Insurance Plan to Campus
Insurance Waiver
Glossary of Terms
Dental Plan Option
Insurance for Student Travel Abroad

For Students/Parents
For Program Coordinators


Student Health Insurance Office Contact


Request a Presentation/Facilitation
University Mental Health Services: Student GuideFor BIPOC StudentsTrauma Informed Care
https://youtu.be/ksWApT5GRxwWelcome to USC Student Healthhttps://youtu.be/DTHcxs4IMvI









 

(213) 740-WELL (9355)
studenthealth@usc.edu



About UsLeadership
Meet the Providers
Mission, Values, and Vision
Media Room
News for Students
Policies/InformationPatient Privacy and Confidentiality
Patient Rights and Responsibilities
Patient Education Materials
Medical Policies and Forms
Fees and Deadlines List
Hours of Operation
For Online Degree Program Students
Counseling and Mental Health Training Programs (graduate practica)
Annual Report 2018-2019
COVID-19 Notifications To view this information, you must be logged out of a personal Gmail account, and logged in to your USC account, in order to access this site. Use your primary USC NetID; school/unit-based subdomain accounts (“med,” “law,” “marshall,” etc.,) will cause you to see a 404 error.
* For instructions on how to log in to USC Google G-Suite apps using your USC NetID, visit the ITS instruction page.


Toolkit for USC Campus PartnersWell-being Collective | Data for Partners
Student Health Advisory Committee
Meet the Health Promotion Strategy Team
USC Campus Climate Survey
USC Healthy Minds Study
AlcoholEdu® for College
Emergency Response Guide (for Faculty)
Guide: Talking about Suicide
Guide: Grief and Loss
Guide: Resilience Through Challenges
Patient FeedbackTell Us What You Think
Social MediaRumi the Wellness Dog
Twitter
Facebook
HEI 2022 Leader 






Feedback

			Site by USC ITS Web Services		

		Content managed by USC Student Health 

Privacy Notice


Notice of Non-Discrimination




















