




University of Southern California
 USC Student Health
Part of Keck Medicine of USC




Menu
Skip to content
Skip to secondary content





search
 
For New Students

Health Requirements for New Students: Entering for Spring 2022
Orientation Videos
MySHR Portal: Quickstart
Undergraduate and Graduate Students (U.S. based)
International Students
Health Professions Program Students
For Parents


Services

Medical Care

Patient Education


Counseling & Mental Health

Workshops and Programs
Group Counseling
BIPOC Mental Health
Community-Centered Services: Embedded Counselors and Liaisons


Sexual Assault Survivor Support
Transgender Care
Athletic Medicine
The Health Fee and Student Insurance

Bringing an Existing Insurance Plan to Campus
Insurance Waiver
Glossary of Terms
Dental Plan Option
Insurance for Student Travel Abroad

For Students/Parents
For Program Coordinators


Student Health Insurance Office Contact


Request a Presentation/Facilitation


MySHR Login
Emergencies
Patient Feedback
COVID-19 Health Services

COVID-19 Vaccines at USC
Vaccine Clinic Schedule
List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters
CA Digital COVID-19 Vaccine Record
FAQs on University Vaccine Policy
Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations
COVID-19 TESTING: PCR and Antigen
Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide
Post COVID-19 Diagnosis and Recovery
Instructions: Positive Test Results
Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test
Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual
Instructions: Spring Recess Testing (Using Antigen Kits)


Insurance Waiver
 Return to Content


 



Breadcrumb Navigation
HomePatient Rights and Responsibilities 






Patient Rights and Responsibilities


USC Student Health is committed to respecting the rights and responsibilities of all its patients. Students receiving services at any one of its health centers are informed of the following patient rights and responsibilities statement.
Patients receiving services at any Student Health facility have the right:

To be treated with respect, consideration, and dignity.
To privacy concerning your health care.
To request or change your healthcare provider, if other qualified providers are available.
To the degree that it is known, you will be provided with information concerning your diagnosis, evaluation, treatment, and prognosis. When it is medically inadvisable to give such information to you, the information will be provided to a person designated by you or to a legally authorized representative.
To request the use of interpreter services.
To be seen in a timely manner for your health concerns.
To participate in decisions involving your health care, except when such participation is contraindicated for medical reasons. This includes the right to refuse treatment, ask for a second opinion, and be informed of alternative treatment.
To receive adequate information necessary to provide consent prior to the start of any procedure, test, or treatment.
To receive an explanation of any service charge incurred.
To ask for a prescription for an outside pharmacy or to have diagnostic tests performed at another facility.
To access and obtain a copy of your medical record.
To be informed of any proposed participation in research projects or human experimentation, and to have the right to refuse such participation.
To provide comments and/or concerns about your healthcare experience without fearing retribution.
To exercise these rights without regard to sex, economic status, educational background, race, color, religion, ancestry, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, personal appearance, disability, medical condition, marital status, or registered domestic partner status.

Patients receiving services at any Student Health facility have the responsibility:

To show respect and consideration for the rights of healthcare providers, staff, other patients, and visitors.
To provide to the best of your knowledge, complete, honest, and accurate information about your health history, medications (including over-the-counter products and dietary supplements), allergies or sensitivities.
To provide complete and honest information to any USCSHS staff member.
To arrive as scheduled for appointments and to cancel or change your appointment in a timely manner to allow others in need to have access to a healthcare provider.
To express that you understand informed consent prior to the start of any procedure, test, or treatment plan. If information is not understood, to ask questions for clarification.
To follow the treatment plan prescribed by your provider and participate in your care; including understanding the medical consequences of not complying with the treatment plan or discontinuation of care.
To be cost conscious, to use the service wisely, and to pay any bill promptly.
To accept personal financial responsibility for any charges not covered by your insurance or the student health fee.
To provide a responsible adult to provide transportation home and to remain with you as directed by your provider or as indicated on discharge instructions.
To take care of your personal health and wellness.

 





Welcome to USC Student Health
https://youtu.be/DTHcxs4IMvI









 

(213) 740-WELL (9355)
studenthealth@usc.edu



About UsLeadership
Meet the Providers
Mission, Values, and Vision
Media Room
News for Students
Policies/InformationPatient Privacy and Confidentiality
Patient Rights and Responsibilities
Patient Education Materials
Medical Policies and Forms
Fees and Deadlines List
Hours of Operation
For Online Degree Program Students
Counseling and Mental Health Training Programs (graduate practica)
Annual Report 2018-2019
COVID-19 Notifications To view this information, you must be logged out of a personal Gmail account, and logged in to your USC account, in order to access this site. Use your primary USC NetID; school/unit-based subdomain accounts (“med,” “law,” “marshall,” etc.,) will cause you to see a 404 error.
* For instructions on how to log in to USC Google G-Suite apps using your USC NetID, visit the ITS instruction page.


Toolkit for USC Campus PartnersWell-being Collective | Data for Partners
Student Health Advisory Committee
Meet the Health Promotion Strategy Team
USC Campus Climate Survey
USC Healthy Minds Study
AlcoholEdu® for College
Emergency Response Guide (for Faculty)
Guide: Talking about Suicide
Guide: Grief and Loss
Guide: Resilience Through Challenges
Patient FeedbackTell Us What You Think
Social MediaRumi the Wellness Dog
Twitter
Facebook
HEI 2022 Leader 






Feedback

			Site by USC ITS Web Services		

		Content managed by USC Student Health 

Privacy Notice


Notice of Non-Discrimination




















