




University of Southern California
 USC Student Health
Part of Keck Medicine of USC




Menu
Skip to content
Skip to secondary content





search
 
For New Students

Health Requirements for New Students: Entering for Spring 2022
Orientation Videos
MySHR Portal: Quickstart
Undergraduate and Graduate Students (U.S. based)
International Students
Health Professions Program Students
For Parents


Services

Medical Care

Patient Education


Counseling & Mental Health

Workshops and Programs
Group Counseling
BIPOC Mental Health
Community-Centered Services: Embedded Counselors and Liaisons


Sexual Assault Survivor Support
Transgender Care
Athletic Medicine
The Health Fee and Student Insurance

Bringing an Existing Insurance Plan to Campus
Insurance Waiver
Glossary of Terms
Dental Plan Option
Insurance for Student Travel Abroad

For Students/Parents
For Program Coordinators


Student Health Insurance Office Contact


Request a Presentation/Facilitation


MySHR Login
Emergencies
Patient Feedback
COVID-19 Health Services

COVID-19 Vaccines at USC
Vaccine Clinic Schedule
List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters
CA Digital COVID-19 Vaccine Record
FAQs on University Vaccine Policy
Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations
COVID-19 TESTING: PCR and Antigen
Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide
Post COVID-19 Diagnosis and Recovery
Instructions: Positive Test Results
Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test
Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual
Instructions: Spring Recess Testing (Using Antigen Kits)


Insurance Waiver
 Return to Content


 



Breadcrumb Navigation
HomeNotesList of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters 






List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters




PRIMARY SERIES / FDA
The following FDA-approved vaccines are accepted for meeting COVID-19 vaccine requirements:

Pfizer/BioNTech (Comirnaty®) — 2 doses; current CDC recommendation on timeframe between doses is 3-8* weeks for ages 12 and older.
Moderna (Spikevax) — 2 doses; current CDC recommendation on timeframe between doses is 4-8* weeks for ages 18 and older.
Johnson & Johnson/Janssen — single dose

*The 8-week interval may be optimal in males age 12-39. The shorter intervals are recommended for individuals who are immunocompromised, seniors, and those who need rapid protection due to increased concern about community transmission or at high risk of severe disease.
CDC clinical guidance, update as on 2/22/22.

PRIMARY SERIES / WHO EUL
The following WHO-approved (emergency use listing, EUL) vaccines are accepted for meeting COVID-19 vaccine requirements:

AstraZeneca** (Vaxzevria)
Covovax™**
Covishield™**
Covaxin®**
Nuvaxovid™** (Novavax)
Sinovac** (CoronaVac)
Sinopharm/BIBP**

**If you have received a first dose of any of these EUL listed vaccines, you may follow up with a second dose of Pfizer/BioNTech or Moderna vaccine. This will complete your primary series vaccination for COVID-19.
 

BOOSTER DOSE
As on December, 2021, all USC students, faculty and staff are required to receive a booster dose of a COVID-19 vaccine to complete the vaccine requirements.
For recipients of the FDA-approved vaccines, Pfizer is recommended; Johnson and Johnson is also permitted for those who received a Johnson and Johnson primary series.

5 months after the primary series of Pfizer
5 months after the primary series of Moderna
2 months after the single dose of Johnson and Johnson

For recipients of the EUL-approved vaccines, Pfizer is required.

5 months after the primary series of an EUL vaccine. Please see additional information chart for EUL vaccines.

You have a one-month grace period (after your 5 or 2 month eligibility starts) in order to complete the booster requirement.
See the visual chart on booster timeframes from the Los Angeles County Dept. of Public Health.
Visit myturn.ca.gov to find a pharmacy or retailer near you for off-campus vaccination resources.
If you are an international student who received a complete EUL series and also received a Pfizer dose upon arrival to the U.S., you are considered fully vaccinated and boosted.
If you are eligible for a booster, but have not yet completed it, you are required to test on a regular basis:









List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters COVID-19 Vaccines at USC
Vaccine Clinic Schedule
List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters
CA Digital COVID-19 Vaccine Record
FAQs on University Vaccine Policy
Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations
COVID-19 TESTING: PCR and Antigen
Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide
Post COVID-19 Diagnosis and Recovery
Instructions: Positive Test Results
Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test
Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual
Instructions: Spring Recess Testing (Using Antigen Kits)
Welcome to USC Student Health
https://youtu.be/DTHcxs4IMvI









 

(213) 740-WELL (9355)
studenthealth@usc.edu



About UsLeadership
Meet the Providers
Mission, Values, and Vision
Media Room
News for Students
Policies/InformationPatient Privacy and Confidentiality
Patient Rights and Responsibilities
Patient Education Materials
Medical Policies and Forms
Fees and Deadlines List
Hours of Operation
For Online Degree Program Students
Counseling and Mental Health Training Programs (graduate practica)
Annual Report 2018-2019
COVID-19 Notifications To view this information, you must be logged out of a personal Gmail account, and logged in to your USC account, in order to access this site. Use your primary USC NetID; school/unit-based subdomain accounts (“med,” “law,” “marshall,” etc.,) will cause you to see a 404 error.
* For instructions on how to log in to USC Google G-Suite apps using your USC NetID, visit the ITS instruction page.


Toolkit for USC Campus PartnersWell-being Collective | Data for Partners
Student Health Advisory Committee
Meet the Health Promotion Strategy Team
USC Campus Climate Survey
USC Healthy Minds Study
AlcoholEdu® for College
Emergency Response Guide (for Faculty)
Guide: Talking about Suicide
Guide: Grief and Loss
Guide: Resilience Through Challenges
Patient FeedbackTell Us What You Think
Social MediaRumi the Wellness Dog
Twitter
Facebook
HEI 2022 Leader 






Feedback

			Site by USC ITS Web Services		

		Content managed by USC Student Health 

Privacy Notice


Notice of Non-Discrimination




















