




University of Southern California
 USC Student Health
Part of Keck Medicine of USC




Menu
Skip to content
Skip to secondary content





search
 
For New Students

Health Requirements for New Students: Entering for Spring 2022
Orientation Videos
MySHR Portal: Quickstart
Undergraduate and Graduate Students (U.S. based)
International Students
Health Professions Program Students
For Parents


Services

Medical Care

Patient Education


Counseling & Mental Health

Workshops and Programs
Group Counseling
BIPOC Mental Health
Community-Centered Services: Embedded Counselors and Liaisons


Sexual Assault Survivor Support
Transgender Care
Athletic Medicine
The Health Fee and Student Insurance

Bringing an Existing Insurance Plan to Campus
Insurance Waiver
Glossary of Terms
Dental Plan Option
Insurance for Student Travel Abroad

For Students/Parents
For Program Coordinators


Student Health Insurance Office Contact


Request a Presentation/Facilitation


MySHR Login
Emergencies
Patient Feedback
COVID-19 Health Services

COVID-19 Vaccines at USC
Vaccine Clinic Schedule
List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters
CA Digital COVID-19 Vaccine Record
FAQs on University Vaccine Policy
Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations
COVID-19 TESTING: PCR and Antigen
Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide
Post COVID-19 Diagnosis and Recovery
Instructions: Positive Test Results
Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test
Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual
Instructions: Spring Recess Testing (Using Antigen Kits)


Insurance Waiver
 Return to Content


 



Breadcrumb Navigation
HomeGuide: Grief and Loss 






Guide: Grief and Loss


Guide for Faculty and Staff who provide guidance, mentoring, support, and assistance to USC students
Your influence shapes much of our students’ experiences at the university. Many have asked for guidance on how to respond to our students’ needs when there are times of distress in our campus community. The following information, reviewed by Counseling and Mental Health Services in USC Student Health (clinical faculty in the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, Keck School of Medicine of USC) may provide some insight in recognizing common expressions of grief, and responding supportively in those moments.
Download this guide as a printable PDF.
UNDERSTANDING GRIEF AND LOSS 
What we learn from the Stages of Grief model

Denial and Isolation: The first reaction is to deny the reality of the situation. Many people rationalize overwhelming emotions. It is what helps to buffer the immediate shock. This is a response that carries us through the first wave of pain.
Anger: Reality and its pain emerge yet we may not be ready. The intense emotion is deflected from our vulnerable core, redirected, and expressed instead as anger.
Bargaining: The normal reaction to feelings of helplessness and vulnerability is often a need to regain control– We may make a deal with God or our higher power in an attempt to postpone the inevitable. This helps to protect us from the painful reality.
Depression: It is helpful to focus on what we can control and let go of what we cannot. Expend energy on changing your coping skills, increase problem solving skills and increase support. Along with feeling intense sadness, we may also experience worry, regret, fear, and uncertainty.
Acceptance: This is different from feeling “good” or “ok” about the loss. Most people don’t ever feel OK but we learn to accept this new reality and adjust the changes that may go along with the loss. This stage comes with time, is a process and as we move through the loss with coping skills and support we can achieve this stage. Self-compassion and kindness, patience from others is helpful when striving for this goal.

What are some common reactions?
Emotions:  Sadness; anger/ irritability; fear; guilt; anxiety; loneliness; helplessness; shock; yearning; relief; numbness.
Physical Sensations: Hollowness in stomach; tightness in chest; tightness in throat; sensitivity to noise; sense of de-personalization, “this isn’t real;” breathlessness; weakness in muscles; lack of energy.
Cognitions: Fatigue; disbelief; confusion; preoccupation; sense of presence; hallucinations.
Behaviors: Sleep disturbance; appetite changes; absent-minded behavior; social withdrawal; dreams of deceased; avoiding reminders of deceased; restless hyperactivity; difficulties concentrating; crying.
Goals to move toward during grieving
People may cycle in and out of phases as they:

Process feelings
Make adjustments in order to cope, thrive
Accept the reality and integrate memories and past in the present

A Note on Traumatic Grief
A sudden, unexpected loss may not only activate a grief response, but may also trigger a traumatic grief response. When the death is violent, such as from a homicide, suicide, overdose or accident, a person could experience overwhelming emotions related to that loss. It is important to recognize the difference between a normal grief response and a traumatic grief response.
A normal grief response has a range of emotions and behaviors. The grieving person will feel sadness, confusion, longing or wishing things could have ended differently, difficulty sleeping, change in eating patterns, etc., as described in the previous section.
Traumatic grief is more complicated, but has more conflicted feelings that can interfere with the natural grief process. As the person mourns the loss, they visualize the details of the traumatic event and re-experience it. That becomes overwhelming to person and they push it out of their mind. But this makes the grief process longer as the person goes back and forth mourning then pushing the traumatic details away. The person can become stuck in processing of their grief and experience debilitating feelings of loss of safety, trust and control.
Not all grief is traumatic, but all traumatic experiences include grief responses that are normal and natural. Helping people to recognize that what they are feeling is “normal” is very helpful as the person moves through the grief process.
SHAPING OUR RESPONSES
What we learn from the Trauma-Informed Approach to Care—how we can shape our responses to support those impacted by trauma.
A trauma informed response to grief requires a process that helps the person to re-build a sense of safety, trust and control over their life.
Using active listening skills and empathy is a way to increase feelings of safety, trust and control. That means not giving advice, not judging, reflecting back to the person what you heard for clarity, be reassuring and supportive. By providing that safe place for someone to talk, helps to build the sense of trust.
Building safety and trust helps the grieving person to re-gain some control over their feelings. Giving them information about the grief process, normalizing their feelings, and providing resources/referrals, gives that person the tools to make decisions which in turn increases their sense of control over their lives.
Empowering them by discussing their options and supporting their choices continues to build a sense of control.





Welcome to USC Student Health
https://youtu.be/DTHcxs4IMvI









 

(213) 740-WELL (9355)
studenthealth@usc.edu



About UsLeadership
Meet the Providers
Mission, Values, and Vision
Media Room
News for Students
Policies/InformationPatient Privacy and Confidentiality
Patient Rights and Responsibilities
Patient Education Materials
Medical Policies and Forms
Fees and Deadlines List
Hours of Operation
For Online Degree Program Students
Counseling and Mental Health Training Programs (graduate practica)
Annual Report 2018-2019
COVID-19 Notifications To view this information, you must be logged out of a personal Gmail account, and logged in to your USC account, in order to access this site. Use your primary USC NetID; school/unit-based subdomain accounts (“med,” “law,” “marshall,” etc.,) will cause you to see a 404 error.
* For instructions on how to log in to USC Google G-Suite apps using your USC NetID, visit the ITS instruction page.


Toolkit for USC Campus PartnersWell-being Collective | Data for Partners
Student Health Advisory Committee
Meet the Health Promotion Strategy Team
USC Campus Climate Survey
USC Healthy Minds Study
AlcoholEdu® for College
Emergency Response Guide (for Faculty)
Guide: Talking about Suicide
Guide: Grief and Loss
Guide: Resilience Through Challenges
Patient FeedbackTell Us What You Think
Social MediaRumi the Wellness Dog
Twitter
Facebook
HEI 2022 Leader 






Feedback

			Site by USC ITS Web Services		

		Content managed by USC Student Health 

Privacy Notice


Notice of Non-Discrimination




















