




University of Southern California
 USC Student Health
Part of Keck Medicine of USC




Menu
Skip to content
Skip to secondary content





search
 
For New Students

Health Requirements for New Students: Entering for Spring 2022
Orientation Videos
MySHR Portal: Quickstart
Undergraduate and Graduate Students (U.S. based)
International Students
Health Professions Program Students
For Parents


Services

Medical Care

Patient Education


Counseling & Mental Health

Workshops and Programs
Group Counseling
BIPOC Mental Health
Community-Centered Services: Embedded Counselors and Liaisons


Sexual Assault Survivor Support
Transgender Care
Athletic Medicine
The Health Fee and Student Insurance

Bringing an Existing Insurance Plan to Campus
Insurance Waiver
Glossary of Terms
Dental Plan Option
Insurance for Student Travel Abroad

For Students/Parents
For Program Coordinators


Student Health Insurance Office Contact


Request a Presentation/Facilitation


MySHR Login
Emergencies
Patient Feedback
COVID-19 Health Services

COVID-19 Vaccines at USC
Vaccine Clinic Schedule
List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters
CA Digital COVID-19 Vaccine Record
FAQs on University Vaccine Policy
Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations
COVID-19 TESTING: PCR and Antigen
Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide
Post COVID-19 Diagnosis and Recovery
Instructions: Positive Test Results
Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test
Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual
Instructions: Spring Recess Testing (Using Antigen Kits)


Insurance Waiver
 Return to Content


 



Breadcrumb Navigation
HomeMySHR Portal 






MySHR Portal


Patient Portal: MYSHR
The student health portal MySHR (https://usc.edu/myshr) is your online source for making appointments, communicating with your health care providers, accessing medical information and viewing test results. Your USC NetID needs to be activated prior to logging in to MySHR. 

USC NetID: Students are encouraged to sign up for their NetID online at https://itservices.usc.edu/uscnetid and check their USC email regularly for updated information. After your NetID is active, your access to MySHR should be available within 48 hours.
If you are experiencing difficulties logging in to MySHR, please take a screenshot of the error message you are receiving and send that along with your full name, date of birth, and 10 digit USC ID (on your USC ID card) to eshchim@usc.edu.

Common Tasks using MySHR
Upload your COVID-19 vaccine card documentation and Influenza documentation: Navigate to the “Upload Documents” section and upload a copy of your vaccination card. You may also upload the appropriate form to apply for exemptions (medical or religious).
Upload your documentation for standard required school immunizations—Measles, Mumps (MMR), Varicella (“chicken pox”), Meningococcal Vaccine documentation: Navigate to the “Medical Records” section and upload a copy of your vaccination records. You may also upload the appropriate form to apply for exemptions (medical or religious). You may also use the checklist form with appropriate stamps and lab results to submit as accepted proof of immunization.
Complete your consent for treatment form: Navigate to “Consent Forms.” If you are under the age of 18, you must have a parent or guardian complete a third-party minor consent form or you may complete a self-sufficient minor form.
Update your current phone numbers and emergency contact: Navigate to “Profile” and make any updates.
Send a secure message: Navigate to “Messages” to reach the Advice Nurse (non-urgent medical questions), contact your established provider (medical, counseling, psychiatry services) or contact an advocate for survivors of sexual assault or gender-based harm.
Book a workshop or “Let’s Talk” session: Navigate to workshops/groups and select an available option.
Schedule an Appointment: Navigate to “Appointments” to schedule a consultation with a provider, complete immunizations or make a lab appointment. Same-day and next-day appointments are often available for illness/injury visits.
Express interest in joining a therapy group: Navigate to “Messages” and submit a Counseling Group Interest Form.
Review your medical records, including your lab results: Navigate to “Medical Records.
Access the MySHR portal.
 





MySHR Portal Health Requirements for New Students: Entering for Spring 2022
Orientation Videos
MySHR Portal: Quickstart
Undergraduate and Graduate Students (U.S. based)
International Students
Health Professions Program Students
For Parents
Welcome to USC Student Health
https://youtu.be/DTHcxs4IMvI









 

(213) 740-WELL (9355)
studenthealth@usc.edu



About UsLeadership
Meet the Providers
Mission, Values, and Vision
Media Room
News for Students
Policies/InformationPatient Privacy and Confidentiality
Patient Rights and Responsibilities
Patient Education Materials
Medical Policies and Forms
Fees and Deadlines List
Hours of Operation
For Online Degree Program Students
Counseling and Mental Health Training Programs (graduate practica)
Annual Report 2018-2019
COVID-19 Notifications To view this information, you must be logged out of a personal Gmail account, and logged in to your USC account, in order to access this site. Use your primary USC NetID; school/unit-based subdomain accounts (“med,” “law,” “marshall,” etc.,) will cause you to see a 404 error.
* For instructions on how to log in to USC Google G-Suite apps using your USC NetID, visit the ITS instruction page.


Toolkit for USC Campus PartnersWell-being Collective | Data for Partners
Student Health Advisory Committee
Meet the Health Promotion Strategy Team
USC Campus Climate Survey
USC Healthy Minds Study
AlcoholEdu® for College
Emergency Response Guide (for Faculty)
Guide: Talking about Suicide
Guide: Grief and Loss
Guide: Resilience Through Challenges
Patient FeedbackTell Us What You Think
Social MediaRumi the Wellness Dog
Twitter
Facebook
HEI 2022 Leader 






Feedback

			Site by USC ITS Web Services		

		Content managed by USC Student Health 

Privacy Notice


Notice of Non-Discrimination




















