




University of Southern California
 USC Student Health
Part of Keck Medicine of USC




Menu
Skip to content
Skip to secondary content





search
 
For New Students

Health Requirements for New Students: Entering for Spring 2022
Orientation Videos
MySHR Portal: Quickstart
Undergraduate and Graduate Students (U.S. based)
International Students
Health Professions Program Students
For Parents


Services

Medical Care

Patient Education


Counseling & Mental Health

Workshops and Programs
Group Counseling
BIPOC Mental Health
Community-Centered Services: Embedded Counselors and Liaisons


Sexual Assault Survivor Support
Transgender Care
Athletic Medicine
The Health Fee and Student Insurance

Bringing an Existing Insurance Plan to Campus
Insurance Waiver
Glossary of Terms
Dental Plan Option
Insurance for Student Travel Abroad

For Students/Parents
For Program Coordinators


Student Health Insurance Office Contact


Request a Presentation/Facilitation


MySHR Login
Emergencies
Patient Feedback
COVID-19 Health Services

COVID-19 Vaccines at USC
Vaccine Clinic Schedule
List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters
CA Digital COVID-19 Vaccine Record
FAQs on University Vaccine Policy
Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations
COVID-19 TESTING: PCR and Antigen
Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide
Post COVID-19 Diagnosis and Recovery
Instructions: Positive Test Results
Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test
Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual
Instructions: Spring Recess Testing (Using Antigen Kits)


Insurance Waiver
 Return to Content


 



Breadcrumb Navigation
HomeNotesPop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations 






Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations




Pop Testing is the COVID-19 testing program for USC faculty, staff, students and approved campus residents and contractors.
Log in using your USC NetID and password to make appointments.

Schedule your test through the secure health records portal, MySHR.
For users new to the portal, please see the Quick Guide for MySHR.

Nasal swab (anterior nasal swab) collection is available—appointments must be scheduled, with on-time arrival for your scheduled time.

See the “how to guide” for nasal swab collection.

Saliva collection appointments are also available—appointments should be scheduled to generate the scannable QR code for faster processing. Drop-offs may be made any time on the day of your appointment, regardless of your scheduled time.

See the Pop Testing 3.0 Quick Guide (saliva testing). 
See the Chinese (中文) edition of the Pop Testing instructions (saliva testing)

Saliva tests typically returns in 24 hours; Keck Medicine of USC Clinical Laboratories is providing the laboratory services for the saliva testing program. Nasal swab testing is through external labs services supervised through Keck Clinical Labs. Both are PCR (polymerase chain reaction) tests. 
Saliva testing kits are available to “take home”
Pick up convenient home kits to provide saliva samples in the privacy of your home (one kit per person max).

Kits can be picked up and dropped off at all of the testing locations during regular business hours (HSC and UPC locations: Jefferson Lot, Pardee Marks, Pappas Quad, and Eric Cohen Health Center, no appointment is necessary for pick up.)
Appointments to drop off kits—within 12 hours of sample collection—may be made in MySHR. You may drop off at any time on the day of your appointment.
You may ONLY produce your saliva sample at a designated testing area or your private residence/car – not on campus.

Encountering problems?

See our MySHR Troubleshooting Guide.

Preparing for saliva sample collection:




Please wait at least 30 minutes after brushing your teeth, eating, drinking (including water) or smoking/vaping before collecting a saliva sample.
Liquid saliva needed. Kit includes a polyester straw, a tube and a funnel. Please avoid coughing up mucus or phlegm into the container.
Please chew on the polyester swab to help generate saliva.
Place the funnel into the tube to collect your sample.







Who Should Test, and How Frequently
Unvaccinated individuals (students, faculty and staff) are required to test every 72 hours.
Individuals (students, faculty and staff) who are Not Up to Date on Vaccinations (eligible for boosters, but have not yet received) are required to test; weekly for faculty and staff, twice weekly for students.


 

Unvaccinated individuals who have an approved medical or religious exemption are required to test every 72 hours.
Q and A for unvaccinated individuals required to participate in COVID testing:
Q: Should I test even if I don’t come to campus every day, and only come to campus once or twice a week? 
A: YES.
Q: Should I test if I’ve already been positive for COVID-19? 
A: No, do not use the Pop Testing service (which are both PCR tests) for 90 days since your positive test. If you have tested with USC Student Health, you will automatically be exempted from a regular testing requirement for this period of time. If you have tested outside of USC Student Health, upload your results in MySHR (https://usc.edu/myshr) and complete the contact tracing form.
Q: Will my Trojan Check be affected if I do not keep up with the testing requirements? 
A. YES. 
Please note: Trojan Check will be “turned off ” for individuals who do not meet vaccination completion or testing completion requirements. Non-compliance with the testing requirements will deactivate Trojan Check, removing access to the UPC campus, and removing access to academic buildings at the Health Sciences Campus (see HSC building list). Scheduling a same-day test or uploading test results will temporarily restore Trojan Check access.
[Have additional questions? See the FAQ for additional answers.]
Call 213-740-6291, or email covid19@usc.edu with questions or for additional information.
 

Schedule
Reminder: All testing sites are closed on Sundays and USC Observed Holidays. See spring recess (March 14-18) service changes in red.
For March 14-16 during spring recess, COVID-19 testing is available as nasal swab only; saliva testing is not available due to prescheduled equipment maintenance.
HSC CAMPUS: Pappas Quad tents or Eric Cohen (see map)

Monday – Thursday from 8:30 AM – 4:30 PM *
Friday – from 9:30 AM – 4:30 PM *
Saturday from 9:00 AM – 1:00 PM (at Eric Cohen)

[This sites closes for a lunch period from 1 PM – 1:40 PM.]
*Nasal swab tests are available on-site only and close at 2 PM.
UPC CAMPUS: Jefferson Lot (see map) [adjacent to Engemann Building Plaza]: This site closes at 5 PM during March 14-17 during spring recess. 

Monday – Thursday from 7:00 AM – 4:30 PM ** – 6:30 PM
Friday from 9:30 AM – 4:30 PM** 
Saturday from 9:00 AM – 1:00 PM**

**Nasal swab tests are available on-site only and close at 3 PM Mon-Th and at 2 PM on Fridays.
UPC CAMPUS: Pardee Marks (see map) This site closed March 14-18 during spring recess.
Monday – Thursday from 8:00 AM – 4:30 PM* (Nasal Swab tests close at 3 PM)
Friday from 9:30 AM – 4:30 PM* (Nasal Swab tests close at 2 PM)
*Nasal swab tests are available on-site only.
NOTE: The USC COVID-19 Pop Testing program is for eligible USC students, faculty, staff, approved contractors, and approved campus residents only. Results are associated with your medical record; positive case information is required to be reported to the Los Angeles County Department of Public Health. Do not use this program to let others screen/test using your identity as this constitutes identity fraud, delays contact tracing, and may lead to university disciplinary action and civil/criminal charges.







Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations COVID-19 Vaccines at USC
Vaccine Clinic Schedule
List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters
CA Digital COVID-19 Vaccine Record
FAQs on University Vaccine Policy
Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations
COVID-19 TESTING: PCR and Antigen
Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide
Post COVID-19 Diagnosis and Recovery
Instructions: Positive Test Results
Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test
Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual
Instructions: Spring Recess Testing (Using Antigen Kits)
Welcome to USC Student Health
https://youtu.be/DTHcxs4IMvI









 

(213) 740-WELL (9355)
studenthealth@usc.edu



About UsLeadership
Meet the Providers
Mission, Values, and Vision
Media Room
News for Students
Policies/InformationPatient Privacy and Confidentiality
Patient Rights and Responsibilities
Patient Education Materials
Medical Policies and Forms
Fees and Deadlines List
Hours of Operation
For Online Degree Program Students
Counseling and Mental Health Training Programs (graduate practica)
Annual Report 2018-2019
COVID-19 Notifications To view this information, you must be logged out of a personal Gmail account, and logged in to your USC account, in order to access this site. Use your primary USC NetID; school/unit-based subdomain accounts (“med,” “law,” “marshall,” etc.,) will cause you to see a 404 error.
* For instructions on how to log in to USC Google G-Suite apps using your USC NetID, visit the ITS instruction page.


Toolkit for USC Campus PartnersWell-being Collective | Data for Partners
Student Health Advisory Committee
Meet the Health Promotion Strategy Team
USC Campus Climate Survey
USC Healthy Minds Study
AlcoholEdu® for College
Emergency Response Guide (for Faculty)
Guide: Talking about Suicide
Guide: Grief and Loss
Guide: Resilience Through Challenges
Patient FeedbackTell Us What You Think
Social MediaRumi the Wellness Dog
Twitter
Facebook
HEI 2022 Leader 






Feedback

			Site by USC ITS Web Services		

		Content managed by USC Student Health 

Privacy Notice


Notice of Non-Discrimination




















