




University of Southern California
 USC Student Health
Part of Keck Medicine of USC




Menu
Skip to content
Skip to secondary content





search
 
For New Students

Health Requirements for New Students: Entering for Spring 2022
Orientation Videos
MySHR Portal: Quickstart
Undergraduate and Graduate Students (U.S. based)
International Students
Health Professions Program Students
For Parents


Services

Medical Care

Patient Education


Counseling & Mental Health

Workshops and Programs
Group Counseling
BIPOC Mental Health
Community-Centered Services: Embedded Counselors and Liaisons


Sexual Assault Survivor Support
Transgender Care
Athletic Medicine
The Health Fee and Student Insurance

Bringing an Existing Insurance Plan to Campus
Insurance Waiver
Glossary of Terms
Dental Plan Option
Insurance for Student Travel Abroad

For Students/Parents
For Program Coordinators


Student Health Insurance Office Contact


Request a Presentation/Facilitation


MySHR Login
Emergencies
Patient Feedback
COVID-19 Health Services

COVID-19 Vaccines at USC
Vaccine Clinic Schedule
List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters
CA Digital COVID-19 Vaccine Record
FAQs on University Vaccine Policy
Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations
COVID-19 TESTING: PCR and Antigen
Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide
Post COVID-19 Diagnosis and Recovery
Instructions: Positive Test Results
Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test
Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual
Instructions: Spring Recess Testing (Using Antigen Kits)


Insurance Waiver
 Return to Content


 



Breadcrumb Navigation
HomeOur ServicesUSC Student Health Insurance PlanHow to Request a Waiver for USC Student Health Insurance 






How to Request a Waiver for USC Student Health Insurance


How do I request a waiver? (New students must be registered for classes.)
You must be actively registered for classes for the upcoming/beginning semester before starting the online enrollment/request for waiver process. Incoming undergraduate students are typically registered for classes during orientation. If you are not registered for classes, you will not be able to request a waiver using the online system.
Read over Waiver Requirements to make sure this is the right option for you.
Please note: new students may have to wait up to 72 hours (for data synchronization) after registering for classes in order to have their data synchronized between the registration system and the insurance waiver system.
Complete your online request for a waiver at the Aetna Student Health online waiver request system

All requests for a waiver must be completed online by the registered student. Make sure you have all of the required information before beginning – data cannot be saved from session to session.
Have a copy of your health insurance ID card and details about your current health insurance plan available for your reference, prior to beginning the waiver request.

How often do I need to request a waiver?
Waivers must be submitted annually in the fall semester by the end of the third week of classes; new students admitted for spring admission may submit up until the third week of classes in January. Check the fees and deadlines page for current details.

Questions?
If you have any questions or need additional information, please call the Student Health Insurance Office at 213-740-9355 (WELL).
Please note: The Student Health Insurance Plan office may contact you to verify proof of coverage. If your external insurance coverage ends involuntarily—even in the middle of the semester—you may be eligible to purchase coverage through the USC Student Health Insurance Plan. Contact the Student Health Insurance Office within 30 days of losing your coverage to find out if you are eligible to enroll.





Our Services Medical Care

Patient Education


Counseling & Mental Health

Workshops and Programs
Group Counseling
BIPOC Mental Health
Community-Centered Services: Embedded Counselors and Liaisons


Sexual Assault Survivor Support
Transgender Care
Athletic Medicine
The Health Fee and Student Insurance

Bringing an Existing Insurance Plan to Campus
Insurance Waiver
Glossary of Terms
Dental Plan Option
Insurance for Student Travel Abroad

For Students/Parents
For Program Coordinators


Student Health Insurance Office Contact


Request a Presentation/Facilitation
Student Fees and Insurance Explained
https://youtu.be/1n-HpGRznVUView/Download English GuideView/Download Chinese GuideWelcome to USC Student Healthhttps://youtu.be/DTHcxs4IMvI









 

(213) 740-WELL (9355)
studenthealth@usc.edu



About UsLeadership
Meet the Providers
Mission, Values, and Vision
Media Room
News for Students
Policies/InformationPatient Privacy and Confidentiality
Patient Rights and Responsibilities
Patient Education Materials
Medical Policies and Forms
Fees and Deadlines List
Hours of Operation
For Online Degree Program Students
Counseling and Mental Health Training Programs (graduate practica)
Annual Report 2018-2019
COVID-19 Notifications To view this information, you must be logged out of a personal Gmail account, and logged in to your USC account, in order to access this site. Use your primary USC NetID; school/unit-based subdomain accounts (“med,” “law,” “marshall,” etc.,) will cause you to see a 404 error.
* For instructions on how to log in to USC Google G-Suite apps using your USC NetID, visit the ITS instruction page.


Toolkit for USC Campus PartnersWell-being Collective | Data for Partners
Student Health Advisory Committee
Meet the Health Promotion Strategy Team
USC Campus Climate Survey
USC Healthy Minds Study
AlcoholEdu® for College
Emergency Response Guide (for Faculty)
Guide: Talking about Suicide
Guide: Grief and Loss
Guide: Resilience Through Challenges
Patient FeedbackTell Us What You Think
Social MediaRumi the Wellness Dog
Twitter
Facebook
HEI 2022 Leader 






Feedback

			Site by USC ITS Web Services		

		Content managed by USC Student Health 

Privacy Notice


Notice of Non-Discrimination




















