




University of Southern California
 USC Student Health
Part of Keck Medicine of USC




Menu
Skip to content
Skip to secondary content





search
 
For New Students

Health Requirements for New Students: Entering for Spring 2022
Orientation Videos
MySHR Portal: Quickstart
Undergraduate and Graduate Students (U.S. based)
International Students
Health Professions Program Students
For Parents


Services

Medical Care

Patient Education


Counseling & Mental Health

Workshops and Programs
Group Counseling
BIPOC Mental Health
Community-Centered Services: Embedded Counselors and Liaisons


Sexual Assault Survivor Support
Transgender Care
Athletic Medicine
The Health Fee and Student Insurance

Bringing an Existing Insurance Plan to Campus
Insurance Waiver
Glossary of Terms
Dental Plan Option
Insurance for Student Travel Abroad

For Students/Parents
For Program Coordinators


Student Health Insurance Office Contact


Request a Presentation/Facilitation


MySHR Login
Emergencies
Patient Feedback
COVID-19 Health Services

COVID-19 Vaccines at USC
Vaccine Clinic Schedule
List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters
CA Digital COVID-19 Vaccine Record
FAQs on University Vaccine Policy
Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations
COVID-19 TESTING: PCR and Antigen
Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide
Post COVID-19 Diagnosis and Recovery
Instructions: Positive Test Results
Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test
Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual
Instructions: Spring Recess Testing (Using Antigen Kits)


Insurance Waiver
 Return to Content


 



Breadcrumb Navigation
HomeCounseling and Mental HealthGuide: Talking about Suicide 






Guide: Talking about Suicide


Developed for faculty and staff in discussing suicide with students
[This guide is available as a download for printing.]
Let them know you care.
“We are all experiencing shock and sadness about __________’s death.”
Listen with acceptance—many emotions can be normal including anger, grief and confusion. Avoid taking these personally if directed at you or your office. Validating and accepting anger is the best approach to diffusing it. “Everyone’s reaction to grief is a bit different, there is no right way to grieve.”
Be patient. Less is more. It is more about listening than what you have to say.
Offer practical support.

Does the student need assistance with classes or coursework?
Are they eating and getting rest?
Remind student to reach out to supportive family and friends.

Keep these things in mind

Suicide is complex and there are almost always multiple causes.
Offer hope. Help is available and people get better with treatment.
For privacy reasons, we can’t share specific information about any student. “Out of respect for the privacy of the family those questions are being addressed according to the family’s wishes. Today we can focus on how you are doing and what you need.”

Connect them to resources
Counseling and Mental Health Services is available 24/7. Call (213) 740-9355 (WELL).
Take care of yourself, too

Reach out for support to family and friends.
Give yourself permission to step away and take a break.
Resources are available through the Office of Work and Family Life 213-821-0800; the Office of Campus Support and Intervention empowers USC students, faculty and staff to take action when they are concerned about a fellow Trojan challenged with personal difficulties through Trojans Care 4 Trojans (TC4T). Submit online (bit.ly/tc4t) or call 213-740-0411.

Things to avoid:

Speculating on the “reason.”
Linking suicide to any specific event like a break-up, television show or bad grade.
Describing suicide as unexpected or without warning.

These guidelines were created by professionals in Counseling and Mental Health Services in USC Student Health. All clinicians are faculty in the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences in the Keck School of Medicine of USC.





Welcome to USC Student Health
https://youtu.be/DTHcxs4IMvI









 

(213) 740-WELL (9355)
studenthealth@usc.edu



About UsLeadership
Meet the Providers
Mission, Values, and Vision
Media Room
News for Students
Policies/InformationPatient Privacy and Confidentiality
Patient Rights and Responsibilities
Patient Education Materials
Medical Policies and Forms
Fees and Deadlines List
Hours of Operation
For Online Degree Program Students
Counseling and Mental Health Training Programs (graduate practica)
Annual Report 2018-2019
COVID-19 Notifications To view this information, you must be logged out of a personal Gmail account, and logged in to your USC account, in order to access this site. Use your primary USC NetID; school/unit-based subdomain accounts (“med,” “law,” “marshall,” etc.,) will cause you to see a 404 error.
* For instructions on how to log in to USC Google G-Suite apps using your USC NetID, visit the ITS instruction page.


Toolkit for USC Campus PartnersWell-being Collective | Data for Partners
Student Health Advisory Committee
Meet the Health Promotion Strategy Team
USC Campus Climate Survey
USC Healthy Minds Study
AlcoholEdu® for College
Emergency Response Guide (for Faculty)
Guide: Talking about Suicide
Guide: Grief and Loss
Guide: Resilience Through Challenges
Patient FeedbackTell Us What You Think
Social MediaRumi the Wellness Dog
Twitter
Facebook
HEI 2022 Leader 






Feedback

			Site by USC ITS Web Services		

		Content managed by USC Student Health 

Privacy Notice


Notice of Non-Discrimination




















