




University of Southern California
IT Services




Main Navigation
Skip to content
Skip to secondary content
Services
Information Security
Get Help
Alerts
About
 




Search


Search for:




Search

 




HomeGoogle Apps at USC 






Google Apps at USC

		Last modified: July 9, 2021		


Google Apps at USC is a USC-branded version of G Suite for Education, the online software that Google offers to schools and other non-profit organizations. Google Apps at USC provides students, faculty, and staff access to web-based word processing and spreadsheet programs, unlimited online storage, chat, and more.
Features

A USC-branded, ad-free Gmail account, along with Google Calendar (available to all students and faculty in some schools.)
A Google Drive account with file-sharing capabilities and unlimited storage
Google Docs online productivity software offerings: Documents, Spreadsheet, and Presentation
Google Sites, a tool for creating free, custom web sites
The ability to post YouTube videos using your USC email address
Access to additional apps, including Google Photos, Google Maps, Google Takeout, and Google Analytics

Eligibility
Available to students, faculty, and staff with the restriction noted above for Gmail and Calendar.
Getting Started
To access Google Apps at USC on the web, log in at google.usc.edu with your USC NetID username and password and then choose the Google Apps function you wish to access.
For information on accessing Google Apps at USC through a mobile device or to set up an email program to access your Google Apps at USC Gmail account, see the Google Apps at USC Support Documentation in this page’s menu.
Learn More
For more information about Google Apps at USC, see ITS’s support documentation, accessible from this page’s navigation menu.
Support

ITS provides USC-specific documentation on topics such as configuring your email clients and mobile devices. This documentation is accessible from the navigation menu of this page.
Google also provides support documentation for the Google applications included in G Suite on their website in the G Suite Learning Center.
Users can receive additional support by contacting the ITS Customer Support Center.

Pricing
Google Apps at USC is a free service.





Log into Google Apps at USC  Google Apps at USC Documentation

Google Apps at USC
Password and Privacy Information

Google Apps Support Documentation

Using Google Apps at Work or School [G Suite Learning Center]
Accessing Google Apps at USC through an Email Program
Accessing Google Apps at USC on a Mobile Device
Analytics
Drive
Maps
Photos
Sites
Takeout
YouTube







About ITSContact ITS
Local IT Support
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Facebook

Related WebsitesCareers
Information Security Blog
Office of the CIO
Center for Advanced Research Computing (CARC)

Customer Support Center 
consult@usc.edu
213-740-5555
Report an Issue







Feedback

Privacy Notice
Notice of Non-Discrimination

					Content managed by ITS Communications 

					Website by USC ITS				











