




University of Southern California
 USC Student Health
Part of Keck Medicine of USC




Menu
Skip to content
Skip to secondary content





search
 
For New Students

Health Requirements for New Students: Entering for Spring 2022
Orientation Videos
MySHR Portal: Quickstart
Undergraduate and Graduate Students (U.S. based)
International Students
Health Professions Program Students
For Parents


Services

Medical Care

Patient Education


Counseling & Mental Health

Workshops and Programs
Group Counseling
BIPOC Mental Health
Community-Centered Services: Embedded Counselors and Liaisons


Sexual Assault Survivor Support
Transgender Care
Athletic Medicine
The Health Fee and Student Insurance

Bringing an Existing Insurance Plan to Campus
Insurance Waiver
Glossary of Terms
Dental Plan Option
Insurance for Student Travel Abroad

For Students/Parents
For Program Coordinators


Student Health Insurance Office Contact


Request a Presentation/Facilitation


MySHR Login
Emergencies
Patient Feedback
COVID-19 Health Services

COVID-19 Vaccines at USC
Vaccine Clinic Schedule
List of Accepted Vaccines / Boosters
CA Digital COVID-19 Vaccine Record
FAQs on University Vaccine Policy
Pop 3.0 Testing Hours and Locations
COVID-19 TESTING: PCR and Antigen
Trojan Check and MySHR Troubleshooting Guide
Post COVID-19 Diagnosis and Recovery
Instructions: Positive Test Results
Instructions: Preparing for an Antigen Test
Instructions: Exposure to a positive individual
Instructions: Spring Recess Testing (Using Antigen Kits)


Insurance Waiver
 Return to Content


 



Breadcrumb Navigation
HomeNewsRelief in sight as COVID-19 winter surge tapers at USC and in L.A. County 






Relief in sight as COVID-19 winter surge tapers at USC and in L.A. County




The COVID-19 omicron variant — which went from newly detected to widespread transmission seemingly overnight — is showing a decline, both in Los Angeles County and at USC.
“We are relieved to have passed the peak of this winter surge,” said Sarah Van Orman, chief medical officer for USC Student Health.
As the campus emptied for the Thanksgiving weekend, the pandemic took an unexpected turn on Nov. 26 when news of the fast-moving omicron variant broke across the globe.
Over the next 11 days, the variant was confirmed in the U.S. with a first case discovered in California, then in Los Angeles County, and then confirmed at USC.
USC COVID positivity rate jumped around the holidays
The highly transmissible variant quickly took hold across the U.S., and within weeks became the dominant strain that helped fuel a winter surge. In L.A. County, the surge hit its peak at more than 41,000 new cases in a single day on Jan. 16. At USC, the positivity rate among students jumped from less than 1% to nearly 10% in a two-week span from when the variant was first confirmed on Dec. 6 to shortly before the end of the fall semester (the week ending Dec. 20).
The campus “pop testing” program — PCR testing that was required weekly for all students, and every 72 hours for individuals who are unvaccinated with approved exemption — reached its peak in test positivity of about 13% in the weeks just prior to and just after New Year’s celebrations. At the peak during the week on Jan. 8, more than 2,100 student positive cases were under management at USC Student Health, with 346 employee cases also recorded.
Welcome declines in USC COVID numbers
Now those numbers are showing welcome declines.
“It is fortunate that we have had more tools in place than in last year’s respiratory season, including the vaccines and the booster doses,” Van Orman said. “Our campus community has been incredibly consistent in masking and participating in the surveillance testing, which has helped prevent additional community spread. High rates of vaccination and the booster have protected our community from severe disease.”
Adjusting to the unexpected is how we have to move forward.
Sarah Van Orman, USC Student Health
chief medical officer

The “pop testing” (surveillance testing) program at USC Student Health is expected to reach the 1 million mark of tests administered within the next week. Testing began on March 13, 2020, and has been the cornerstone of the university’s prevention strategy, along with symptom checks, community education on hygiene and safety, isolation and quarantine operations, environmental mitigations, indoor masking and wastewater testing. The availability and widespread adoption of vaccines — 95% among all campus populations — and later, boosters, greatly enhanced the campus’s ability to prevent further spread and illness.
“Adjusting to the unexpected is how we have to move forward,” Van Orman added. “At the beginning of this surge, the data modeling helped us understand the trajectory of cases, and plan for a reasonable response in terms of remote start, planning for isolation space, and other measures. As the virus evolves, our responses have to continue to be adaptive as well.”







Welcome to USC Student Health
https://youtu.be/DTHcxs4IMvI









 

(213) 740-WELL (9355)
studenthealth@usc.edu



About UsLeadership
Meet the Providers
Mission, Values, and Vision
Media Room
News for Students
Policies/InformationPatient Privacy and Confidentiality
Patient Rights and Responsibilities
Patient Education Materials
Medical Policies and Forms
Fees and Deadlines List
Hours of Operation
For Online Degree Program Students
Counseling and Mental Health Training Programs (graduate practica)
Annual Report 2018-2019
COVID-19 Notifications To view this information, you must be logged out of a personal Gmail account, and logged in to your USC account, in order to access this site. Use your primary USC NetID; school/unit-based subdomain accounts (“med,” “law,” “marshall,” etc.,) will cause you to see a 404 error.
* For instructions on how to log in to USC Google G-Suite apps using your USC NetID, visit the ITS instruction page.


Toolkit for USC Campus PartnersWell-being Collective | Data for Partners
Student Health Advisory Committee
Meet the Health Promotion Strategy Team
USC Campus Climate Survey
USC Healthy Minds Study
AlcoholEdu® for College
Emergency Response Guide (for Faculty)
Guide: Talking about Suicide
Guide: Grief and Loss
Guide: Resilience Through Challenges
Patient FeedbackTell Us What You Think
Social MediaRumi the Wellness Dog
Twitter
Facebook
HEI 2022 Leader 






Feedback

			Site by USC ITS Web Services		

		Content managed by USC Student Health 

Privacy Notice


Notice of Non-Discrimination




















